upvote.
I skipped all the suspense and just bought myself my valentines day present of tequila and tissues. 
How could I live without Wegmans 
Why do we live where the air hurts your face?
Anyone else looking forward to the new season of House of Cards?
Welcome to Geneseo transfers. We pride ourselves on a fantastic yak scene. Post quality shit or GTFO. Also get a Kik if that's what you're into.
'Where's the red one with the sickle and hammer?' -some lady looking at the flags in the College Union  
Literally watching a show called big giant swords on discovery.... It is everything I've ever wanted
Only person in my suite for the next few days. What are clothes? 
roommates are coming back soon which means I have to wear pants soon. not ready to be about that life 
I actually know a girl who wears butt pads 
How bad is this carnival orientation about to be?
it sucks being in love with your best friend it sucks even more when he finds out and asks how he can help you forget bout your feelings... but wants to hu 
Nature valley. Zero crumbs in bed until I went to grab for my phone to brag about it on yak
I just want ice cream and footie pajamas. Is that too much to ask for?
💨🌲
There's a lot of cool people moving in today. 
There's this beautiful gay boy I want sooo bad 
CAS is ruining my bowels this week.
The yak is almost back!!!
First homework assignment and classes haven't even started yet welcome to geneseo
Can't wait for more people to come back to school 
Just realized that I don't know how to smile.
Eatin m&m's and halfway through the bag im like shit I gotta get another bag 
I wish I was with this one boy 
I thought orientation was supposed to be fun smh
this chicka needs weed.../?
What bars ya'll headed to tn?
Who's going to the bars tonight?
My home town high school is trying to get yak banned...They have no idea what they're messing with lol
Everyone go to Kelly's 
Bars tonight?
Popper pants. The popcorn you make in your pants !
Are there any other transfers in Livingston? I swear it's like a wasteland
Greek life where are you guys
Any parties going on tonight?
Come thru to Ontario 
If you're here and 21 go to the bars ya fucker 
i thought he was the one...😔
Any bud on campus... Please 
I really hope my 11:11 wish comes true for once...
Wannabe llama beans
'I'm cool bro just give me back my sharp cheddar'
I need someone to spend my money on
Until then I'm Popular
Watching Gone Girl again because it's great and there is nothing better to do
Sip hella lean and see who talk the slowest 
Everyone go to the bars! Why's this town going soft? 
I NEED SOMEONE TO MOVE IN WITH ME SO I CAN SAVE MONEY #desperate
life about finding happiness 
Anyone from Erie trying to accompany me to this orientation?
Is there trivia tonight at the Vital?
Dat Suffolk ra staff doe. 👌
This orientation is horrible 
Jskye yaks about herself for attention 😂
Mom queefin on my llama chair 
My poop sounds like pee
Geneseo yak game: shit
So can like 20 year olds get into the bar if they don't drink? Haha
Getting out of bed for orientation is the struggle 
Any dealers here yet? I need bud ASAP
Hoping I'll learn something actually useful at this orientation #round2 #transfer
I need a job and an apartment here like now. Any word?
I haven't had clothes on since Thursday afternoon. 
Is it bad that I missed orientation today? Or nah?
Basketball game tonight 
Perfect day to go to Bristol 
Who else is moving in today? 
Never understood why nobody stays for women's basketball games our team is hot and they're really good.
Have fun trying to get classes that don't absolutely suck
Fuck whoever is going to say 'I missed Geneseo yik yak' in the next couple days
Every time I eat my 2:30 am meal I wake up all gassy :(
It's amazing how much more conservative I get at towards the end of my tp rolls 
Anyone here dibble with some dabbles?
Transfer info session is dead
I missed Geneseo YikYak
Wake up stink  Orange juice drink
Kellys was dead last night 
2-1 donroe
It great watching all the new transfer students fumble around campus 
Idle wasn't tonight will be different 
Yak is back baby 
When does the Geneseo bus start running and why am I so tired?
RLstanK
3-2 donroe
Anyone wanna come over cuddle and watch some Netflix?
does anyone know how to find out what are textbooks needed for classes? 
Having my dog live with me is the best thing ever. 
Ratchet shit better be going down tn 
'I'd like to extend to you an invitation to the pants party. The party. The party with the pants'
It's amazing how quickly you can fall asleep when you can't reach your phone 
I've hooked up of yik yak before 
Kelly's 
To smoke or not to smoke.....obvious I'll catch Ya on the flip side
Don't answer your door 
So weird seeing transfers and not having campus be full of tired hungry broken down athletes 
Why do hot men only teach high school
Good to be back on geneseo Yik yak 👌
Oh how I've missed you geneseo yak 💜
My uncle stole from the fruit shack. Sent to avocado bay 
I'm so flexible I accidentally creased
Quarky and porky
*nazis invade corgi house No dog dies all blonde and blue eyed  Corgis luck out again
Pigeons want dis
Your stupidity stu-pids me 
So beautiful!!!!
I've been drunk since 5pm. It's so good to be back in Geneseo. 
'Trust me you can dance.' - Tequila
Someone wanna take a freshman transfer out and show em a good time?
Swiping tinder on the iPad is 100x the excitement
What is everyone doing tonight
I feel like I only wear sweatpants when I'm about to have sex or once I'm done. I think I'm going to start calling them sexpants
Dammit John Greene. You did it again. 
Is tinder only for hooking up?
Somebody has to have bud on camp right...?? 
Knees are weird.
Anyone in Erie up right now?
6-3 what a disappointment 
Timehop keeps reminding me that I've been in an unrequited 'relationship' for the past four years. 
Is there a place to get a massage around here?
I can't even slurp myself up tn
Uhots delivered in 11 minutes 
*nipple flicks dog
Want to build a snail ship
Buys file. Sharpens big toe for battle 
I trade cattle for sisters
I know who I want to take me home tonight 
my mother thinks I have Crohn's disease and that scares the crap out of me 
Just ate a whole bag of brownie brittle 👍
Freshmen: let's walk up and down orchard tonight till somebody lets us into a house 
Just had the best sex ever 👌👍
'Pew Pew Pew!' Says the church interior decorator.
RLskanK 
I don't like masturbating by myself 
GENESEO YIK YAK SO HAPPY TO BE BACK YESSSS
And like a phoenix from the flames yik yak rises again
Blunts in bed 
Anyone know if the busses are running 
I would love to fuck the brains outta my neighbor
I RLcan't wait to smoke this RLdanK weed 
To the 'g' and third 'e' painted guys at the hockey game you're pretty cute
My first party at geneseo last night was awesome
Fifa and bongs 
Shower beers >
Is there anything to do or should I just marathon breaking bad until tonight 
Come thru to starbucks I'm bored af
That awkward moment when you don't know anybody within a two hour radius 
Can people come to Ontario to chill 
Sit on my face
So happy to have geneseo yak back
Tbh Neumann players were hot 
Drinking game: every time the say the hot water heater is fixed take a shot so you can trick yourself into thinking you're warm
Need my boys to come here soon to get this semester started right 
Yo shit stank
Come watch girls bball get the come from behind win against conference and neighborhood rival Buff State 
Hey hockey I want to in-tie you 👋
Dear neighbors: keep on with the Mumford and Sons! Its great
People are actually at the statesmen 
If anyone is up for an adventure lemme know
Just seen a nasty Collison in the Apple bees parking lot.
gunna get piss wasted for this hockey game
Which sorority is the best?
OMG I have been deprived of this gloriousness that is Geneseo's marvelous Yik Yak. Welcome home :)
Hey guys if you need any dairy products just go to the guys with no shirts on #milkbags
I'm secretly so freaky I need a guy who's up to par
Sit on my face
The IB was as much a symbol in Geneseo as the statue of liberty is to America
Getting drunk by myself watching New Girl. 
Is Shanghai buffet closed??
Anyone in Wyo have an iPhone 5 charger?
Sitting here looking cute with nothing to do
Open party at building 10 apt 3!! 
What's on your mind?
Where is this hot guy house that I keep hearing about 
Single and ready to mingle  🙋
Shout out to shabba on the third floor👌
Lol y'all talk up Geneseo yik yak sooo much. Sorry but it ain't that great ya nerds. 
SHANGHAI IS GONE. There is nothing left for me here
Our hockey players are hot as fuck
Need a pretty b*tch to bring me a blunt wrap 
Puck sluts gross me out
Guys who shame girls gross me out
No one go to the statesmen that place sucks uptown all night!!!
Anyone down to vital tonight?
someone come through. I'll make it worth your while (;
The pair of shorts she returned to me aren't even mine...
I want to see pretty boy tonight
Someone bring me a kitten!
Open party on 39 Main street apartment 3!!!
Tried main moon as Shanghai buffet is gone the food was absolutely disgusting and a disgrace to food anywhere
So like where are the parties tonight? 💁
Anyone know where I can see the McGregor vs Siver fight?
Kelly's bumpin?
Just sharted on a first date and didn't even feel it coming 
Ate so much frosting gonna poop my pants. 
Call five 8 five 4 4 seven zero 4 eight seven for a good time 
Do you ever just pee aggressively 
Goal for this semester: get a friends with bendzz
The chips are stale they taste okay tho when they dipped in queso 
Hey hockey I want to un-Tie you👋
My boyfriend sucks at sex
Rang in the new semester by throwing up on my bed/desk/laptop/wallet/backpack and lemme tell ya what it is so good to be back in Genny
Wow I missed Geneseo's yak game so much 
Please come chill on the second floor of Ontario sober as hell just trying to meet new people 
What girl wants to take this guy home and have her way?
Where can I get a really good fake?
All the people I didn't hate graduated or left dumped last month and stood up tonight and my only fwb transferred...at least I have weed 
Please tell me there's a chill single hot non-redneck hygienic gay guy nearby enough to read this who wants to get stoned and watch fullmetal alchis
Statesman was Mint go tomorrow 
Rice cakes are just a way to say that you didn't technically eat peanut butter with a spoon. 
I've thought about you everyday since the first time I laid eyes on you. I want to be the one that makes you happy and who puts a smile on your face. It's terrifies me to think it may be to late.  
Say yes to the stress
First night back stays up till 4
Feels like a new semester until you wake up hungover 
ITS HOT AS HELL IN MY ROOM WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
If you bring me a puppy to cuddle with at least one night each week I'll fuck you. Sometimes when I say puppy I really mean chipotle  you figure it out
You know if my gpa were based on yak upvotes... I still would have failed 1st semester. Time to destroy 2nd semester? :D?
Chicken fingers in letch hallelujah 🍗
apparently I was so drunk last night I was drunk texting people in french. I don't know french
Liz Koodin..... basic 
The amount of people at Geneseo who hate DK is hysterical. Scumbags. 
When is rush week?
Hate when I have to turn the netflix subtitles on because I can't hear over the crunching from me eating chips
Stupid Oscar fook doing luxury commercials now 
Hello Geneseo yik yak. How I have missed you. 
Poop dollaaaa
Sprinkles are for winners
Hungover. Hit the bong. Eat cereal. Pass out.
SDT are a bunch of rug munchers 
The stizz is the move tonight 
Great to see the Stizz renovate! I just think they should charge $3 instead of $5. This would encourage more unders to go 
Fucked some RLstanK pussy last night
Dont put it in your wheel house put it in your mouth
I'm a girl and I still think puck sluts are gross
Is letch open?
ADE?
Is the fitness center open today? 
Everything in the universe is a banana or is not a banana. Think about it
Are dining halls open and accepting meal plan today?????
Why isn't there an emergency bacon egg & cheese delivery service for mornings like these
Hey guys I just want everyone to love me and my brothers. Open for everyone at DK! ☺️☺️☺️ Love Fit Dick 
If I get that off campus meal plan for 300 do they still charge me tax when I pay? Cause there's no overhead fee 
Didney worl ? 
Where do I get a bacon egg and cheese 
Having to pee and not wanting to get up is the biggest struggle 
What day does the gym open back up 
whenever someone writes 'sdt' I think in my head 'std'
Goodbye solid poops I hope to see you again soon
Sammys open tonight
'Fucking Van Gogh painted the Mona Lisa.''Nah is was Leonardo DiCaprio.'
Any returning students back in Livingston yet?
if I ever came in your mouth without telling you my fault 
Well I can't sleep naked anymore now that I have a roommate again. 
New year new meal plan balance
I look better in a sports bra and sweats than when I get dressed up 
My love life is like olive oil -- extra virgin. 
This is the most action putmans seen in weeks 
Life isn't measured by the number of breaths we take but by the number of times cas shits knock the breath out of us.
After today I believe love at first sight exists. Just thinking about her all day and so anxious to see her soon
Brendan Coyne let me bang his Ass with a strap on 
Chicken fingers at letch?  Goodbye new year's resolution.
Eating all of the pretzels out of the Chex Mix is the quickest way to ruin a friendship
2nd semester victory lap feels a lot like loser lap now that all my friends are gone.  Guess that's what I get for waiting till junior year to stick with a major. 
'Let's fuck and go to Applebee's' GENESEO in a nutshell 
Been waiting for 3 hours and now I feel like going to bed :( 
Having a byob party tonight. Bleach Your Own Butthole 
Open at crows
is it acceptable to get drunk tonight?
Who's down to burn 
Yes everyone's going out tonight 
My insides are currently revolting. In both senses of the word 
Okay whoever was on the LI to Geneseo bus who had a grey orange and black bag just like mine I have your bag. Meet me at Ontario in an hour and we'll make the swap.
are the busses running today?
I love my family but if break taught me anything it's that I can't move back home after I graduate. Too much well intentioned dysfunction 
🆘 need alcohol
guys who spit during class changes<<<<< 
That mc favor lol
Bats in crows. Watch out 
I am so fucking over people calling Geneseo 'Genny'
GENESEO YAK ITS GOOD TO BE BACK. 
my god have I missed all you crazy bastards
Anyone seeing this Seahawks Packers Game?!
Aunt cookies > 
Who wants me to tickle their pussy
Mistake plus keleven home by seven 
To whoever put up these elephants in Putnam they're super cute well done 
That was a sick couple of plays Seahawks well done
Whatever in my cup is making feel sorryyy lol
It's good to be Yak
I'm so glad to be back in a place that not only accepts my alcoholism but also encourages it 
after a month at home it's actually weird to see yaks with more than 20 ups. it's good to be back 
Drinks. Game.  CHILL?
Is Southside open? Please
I unfriend you. 
Just got back and the weather was mostly cloudy with a faint breeze of stress from fall finals 
inflatable sumo wrestling at the statesman tonight 
Yak game on the rise...     Wait for ittt..... Wait for itttttttt.........!
Willing to bet that she's just as unhappy without me as she was with me.
Guy on grindr demands pics. Gets them. Says 'your privet is big 😁😍😍 and dreemey'  I didn't know what to do so I came here. Halp
Super horny
If a person is born deaf what language does their inner voice speak? 
That moment when you zip up your pants and guillotine your dick. 
'I read it on a jerk off blog' 
I finally got back to campus and a virus has me down for the count. Just the start I needed for the semester 
The Fourth Reich comes...
Is the statesman open tonight?
How many Sammies does it take to change a light bulb? 3 1 to change it and 2 to jerk him iff
I think My New apartment is haunted...
...I hate stink bugs
That moment you realize you didn't eat all day because you were full from last night's alcohol 
Is the mailroom open tomorrow?
Choke me again I want it
Is the bank inside the union open tomorrow?
So anybody wanna buy an underage chick some alcohol? 
Fire crackers?? Really??!!
Is southside open right now? 
Forreal about the alcohol though I'm tryna turn up
Hit it from the back is the sweetest thing she said lol
People are still gonna be uptown tonight right? 
About to make this shit popping...
Grind on top trying to get some mind on top lol
Come down one floor 
Uptown it is 
OPEN AT CROWS 
Go to crows 
DK meatheads be careful out there lol
I'm trying to stay positive but u can't help but wonder what could b happening right now 
That half smile gets me goin every time 
It's still hard being around you
Haaaaaaannn
Drinking lean too playing in the wind  
There are so many ugly people who are so much more famous than I am like it's just not fair 
Everyone come to the statesmen for sumo wrestling! Jump around in a fat suit with your friends 
Everything is gonna be fine
What is the expectation of a girl if she is bought a drink?
Welcome to geneseo pick your poison gotta choose lol
Drinking + unpacking
You will see 4 Types of Yaks in the coming days: 1) 'Omg I missed Geneseo Yak' 2) 'All these people talking about Geneseo Yak smh' 3) 'Lol everyone either complains or yaks about Geneseo' 4) this Yak
Can we still sell our books at the bookstore? 
Gym open tomorrow?
I need out so badly
Bookstore open tomorrow? 
Best friend? Or shit talker? Fuck everyone
Hmu if u need a connect
Hey y'all 
When your roommate scores and you don't 
Ready to get to know my crush and find out for sure if he likes me or not. Any tips?
Is stage IV acne a turn off?
Awkward moment when you wake up at night and hear your neighbor getting it on... Now I know I'm back at college 
I was a great bf go fuck yourself
First night back and I got drunk af. So good to be home
Who's got acid
Lifezambition
Someone with wealthy parents by shanghai! 
I REGRET EVERY THANG ABOUT THIS SEMESTER ALREADY
I did not miss having to share a room and not having privacy 😔
Help wanted. Need to fall out of love with my best friend. 
it's nice now that yaks get more than 10 up votes in a day😌
If you need the mgmt 250 book or econ 110 (micro) leave your kik
New year....new level on thirst on this campus.
But like I swore yesterday was Dec 17 and I just started Winter vacation.😭😭😢
May can't come until I have my life together. This may take a while....
Someone wake me up from this nightmare that classes actually begin tomorrow.
Hate when songs remind you of a certain memory and it just brings you right back down to the bottem again..
Is the mailroom open today?
How does one go about dating one of the hockey guys? 😍 not even a puck slut just a little thirsty 
Fire alarm just had to go off... Last night 😈
Even if I don't actually know you if I see you on tinder & know you go to geneseo I'm gonna swipe you right and hope I can awkwardly see you on campus 
Is the mailroom open today? 
They jus haters cause' they ain't us. 
Why the FUCK is my lab meeting this week??? This semester is already off to a bad start 
Fallen madly in love with someone and she gets drunk with the guy she 'used to' like who has treated her like shit and not to a standard that such a wonderful woman should be treated to. Why? 😢
Whiskey does not feel as good in the morning
This week is going to be lengen wait for it...
RIP Shanghai
The yak game is restored thank god 🙌
'Maybe if you go to bed you'll feel better in the morning' is the human version of 'have you tried turning it off and back on again'
Aaaaand the whats up emails begin again 
Don't need no birth control for buttsecks
Why
If I lay here if I just lay here would I forget that classes start tomorrow 
When choosing whether or not to go to classes this week use the LaMorte College method: don't show up 
Throw up in mj ☑️
Bookstore open td?
I would totally be okay with being a puck slut
is sundance open today?
Meet me at Kelly's 
Found a hair in my sandwich at letch. CAS at its finest
I wonder if cas pays time and a half for legal holidays...this is highly doubtful though. One can dream. 
This whole 'last first day of classes' is much scarier for seniors who don't have any plans  after graduation. 
Does anyone know if MJ is open today? 
My head is full of snot and I'm going to drive to the store. I might hit you if your not in a crosswalk just saying....
Life goals: having someone screaming out my name during sex with another person
Your call is extremely important to us. To show our appreciation please enjoy this 40 minute flute solo. 
I've forgotten how much I missed getting mailroom emails
Screw trying to get a dagree to make tons of money after college. I just never want to use 1 ply toilet paper again. That my friends is success
If anyone needs a TI-84 graphing calculator I have one and am willing to part with it cheaply. 
When you want to be any where other than where you are right now.
That torture you put yourself through by hanging with your ex. 
Chegg sending a red bull with my textbook is about the most exciting thing to happen to me today 
Where can I get a new room key?
40s and blunts. 
Are the busses to wegmans running td? 
I liked Friends before it was on Netflix. #hipsterlife
Yo females let's have sex and sit on my face
I'm getting too old for this shit. ✌️
I swear the only reason hokey exists is so Canadians can have a way to be rude to each other.
I just want a female to fuck 😭
Pitch perfect is on.... My day is made 
Hello hills I missed you too.  Oh I see you brought your friend black ice to the new semester
Geneseo gets degrees and Brockport gets stds 
Thank you Mark's pizzeria for putting expired coupons on my door.
Comforted that I'm not the only one who did absolutely nothing with their break
Checking class rosters at midnight is like the anticipation for Christmas
CAN THE WIFI WORK FOR ONE MINUTE SO I CAN WATCH NETFLIX
Arrive in Geneseo. Drunk in 30.
Time to get that tinder game going again 
RIP Shanghai
To the girls running down court street: kudos to you for fitness and all that but somehow I don't think running down an icy hill is the smartest winter activity...
I just wasted my whole battery life on tinder today.. never thought I would say this but classes need to start 
Already miss double ply
How I missed the Geneseo Yak feed. No more stupid high schoolers 
A recent interview revealed that Bon Iver has dropped the 'iv' and is now going by Boner
So happy the horny virgins are back to yak about wanting sex 
Trumor: DKs watch each other poop 
is chowhound around yet??
MLK day and they don't have any fucking fried chicken at RJ
So when do we start making fun of Cortland again? 
First night:sinks clog and overflow flooding the floor; find 20 dollars in the hall; suitemates 5 random friends party in my suite without him for the better part of the night welcome back to Geneseo
I'm too shy for this college shit
started walking up to Milne instead of the Union fuck I'm already on autopilot 
The battle of helm's deep is bae
Suck my big toe
So what's the best way to rush? I'm new to the process.
Is the gym open?
I just want some friends who are cool
Any guitar players looking to jam?
The amount of clothing I have and brought back is atrocious 
I'm convinced there's nothing to do here unless you already have a group of friends.
The only time the word incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.
WILLLLSOOOON 
Nothing says 'I like you enough sex please' like the Value Bouquet from Wegmans
Be honest. How many of you like this school?
In denial that I have an 8:30 tomorrow.💃
I just want a girl to cuddle with
Not even the first day of classes and all I want to do is get drunk and show people I'm not always awkward.
You know you aren't ready for classes to start when you need 2 cups of coffee just to get through the day before classes begin 
Interior Crocodile Alligator 
🍆
Calls from my baby always make me so happy :*
The sluts of Suffolk 304 are freezing
I come back and one thing hasn't changed. The Sammie's are still pussys
Thought I had friends here but I haven't left my room since I've been here 
If you can spend 5 weeks apart and still have feelings for each other there is hope 
My room mate likes to spontaneously tell me about what he's doing in minecraft at any given time..
Yay! Now that I'm back I can post all the funny yaks that I was thinking about over break...too bad I don't remember them...
Me running into someone from high school over break:   Me: 'Nice seeing you.'  *mutters* Not really.
Couldn't be happier knowing I don't give two fucks about any boy at Geneseo! #homeboysarebetter
Is it to soon to start skipping classes? 
Any freshman sitting in their dorms thinking about how they dont have friends here?
Going home and coming back to Geneseo makes me realize how much more i like my friends from highschool 
Currently pooping 💩 
high to the sky
Anyone else have HUMN 1 at 8:10 tomorrow?
Tell girls (friends or strangers) that they look pretty tomorrow bc lord knows they gonna put in the extra effort for the first day of class 💃🙌
Going home and coming back to Geneseo makes me realize how much I actually don't like any of my friends from high school...at all. 
I'd be lying if I said I was gonna try for class tomorrow. You'll be lucky if I put on a bra. 
I don't have class til 2pm tomorrow 😗
My pee smells like pineapple 🍍
Nothing like feeling your freshly shaved taint
Does anyone know if the nautilus fitness class is reserved for athletes or anything like that?
Rubbing coconut oil on my titties bc I love myself and it's winter
I munch box
Whoever is blowing a whistle right now on the 1st floor of Suffolk can shove said whistle up their asshole
Well thank god I can finally look at my yik yak again. My hometown yik yak absolutely sucked
Who just yakked on 3N
I forgot that the water pressure in the showers here have the potential to tear off a nipple #goodtobeback 
I'm suspicious of people who don't like dogs but trust a dog when it doesn't like a person 
So glad to have geneseo yak back 
Going home and coming back makes me realize how much I appreciate my friends from both worlds.
Transfer Students are really awesome :) 
So my roommates still as much of a bitch as last semester. 
I haven't had a crush like this in so long help 😁😩
Have a good night everyone. See you fuckers in class tomorrow.
Coming back to school makes me realize how much I don't want to be here and how much I miss home 😢
Anybody else got that 8:30 THEATRE CLASS?
First class of semester cancelled. Great start 
Call me shallow but 99% of the time I swipe left on tinder. 
I hope all of you wonderful people have a great first day of classes!😊
Really need a girl to cuddle and watch movies with.
Herk nation!!
SpringTransfers:I was you last year my first semester was lonely and horrible.PLEASE give it time! I'm now having the time of my life. Geneseo is an amazing place you will find your niche. Good luck
Shoutout to all them pears
Need to know how to get close to a boy I don't even have class with anymore. 
Fear is and has always been my biggest obstacle. 
I guess it's time I start my last semester. Real world I am on my way!
Is it too soon to bum it to class tomorrow? 
I thought I was PMSing but it turns out I was just really pissed about going to class tomorrow
Walk into the club like 'what up I have social anxiety disorder and want to go home.'
I should be sleeping  but I am laying here waiting for someone to say something interesting. Or for me to come up with something. 
Too tired to wank it
When your best friend has a class with your crush #takemewithyouuuuuu
I can't sleep. Someone come give me a back rub until I fall asleep please. 
Tempted to suit up for tomorrow. Hella dapper 
So cozy with clean sheets all I want is to cuddle but my bf is so far away :(
I'd rather hot glue my scrotum to the back of a moving drunk bus than go to an 8:30 class
When you're a freshman and you already dread classes... My senioritis was never cured 
My boobs hurt and I'm bloated af but the preg test was negative. 
It's hard to break my habit of waking up at 3pm and watching Netflix all day 
Toyota Camry in Lot R ur lights on
I wish my boyfriend cared a little more about me than he does about drinking...
I'm used to sleeping till the pm's so tomorrow should be interesting... 
I cant go to sleep im fucked #8:30life
Does size matter
Any girls know how to work a strap on?
Got laid a lot less over break than I thought I would... Aren't guys supposed to be the ones who always want it? My guy didn't...
Over the break I got so accustomed to falling asleep at 3am and waking up at 3pm...and now i can't fall asleep 
Hey transfers! Pro tip: try to meet everyone on your floor. There will be a specific group of obnoxious people on each floor who will try to pull you in. Don't do it. No one likes them. No one.
And Satan said let there be 8AM classes 
You know what's a good word? Dapper. 
Already having that internal conversation about how it wouldn't be a big deal if I skipped class tomorrow. I deserve a break you know? 
I just want a girl who likes weed the office and cuddling as much as I do.
Why do I literally always wake up at 3 am horny af but pitifully alone?
I've got so much love to give and nobody to give it to
Late Night Wake Ups...
This getting up a quarter to six to go to the gym is already old. Lookin for a gym buddy 
First class cancelled <3333
Really regretting staying up until 4 when I have an 8am class 
Asked my room mate to write me a note to get me out of classes today 
Totally forgot yak existed until I got bored in class
I like my women like I like my milk; white and 1% 
I swear every hot guy in town was just at Wegmans 
CAS basically to us students that don't pay our meal plan ourself  let us get drunk for free. My new favs 
Is my.geneseo down for anyone else?
Alcoholism is the coolest disease 
Owner of the statesmen is my landlord and its confirmed this is fucking siiiiick
Pretty sure I could get a better wifi connection on Mars than on this campus
Anyone's wifi still down?
Two 40's deep and ready for the state of the union 
Smoked pot with my brother Christmas Eve. Casually looked up baby animals for an hour while rubbing my Christmas stocking on my face. 
The wifi is like my sex life. nonexistent.
How am I supposed to avoid my responsibilities if the wifi is down
Geneseo get your shit together with the wifi I wanna watch Netflix 
Everyone's saying the internets down. Well so is mine except for Netflix. No other website works other than Netflix. It's so weird. 
When you cry over or belt out a song and your roommates in the room...
Obama at the State of the Union address- 'If you look in the mirror at midnight and say 'Obama' 3 times I'll make your tuition payments disappear!'
Yo Geneseo how bout you crank the WiFi connection speed up to the level of operation during registration when it's lightning fast
Bars where erry body headed?
If I could choose between Hitler and my current roomate I would totally pick Hitler. I am not joking.
Is the campus still open during spring break
Geneseo if you could stop forcing me to procrastinate that would be great. I prefer to procrastinate on my own free will.
You know for people without working internet you seem to be complaining about it on the internet an awful lot.
Can the Internet work please 
Anyone else in sulffok having wifi problems?
I can deal with slow wifi but I can't deal with no wifi 
I bet this is how the 2 people in North Korea felt when their internet was taken away from them for being bad
I am so lonely. I have friends but I suffer from severe paranoia and I can't shake the feeling that they hate me. I have increasingly severe mental issues but I cannot bring myself to tell anyone.
I'm already frustrated with my roommate. It hasn't even been 24 hours yet 
Damnit letch why would you run out of chicken fingers 
The internet might be dead but atleast its not cold outside!
Such cold.  Mucho frio.
classic 
Being the only one with a car in your group of friends is like being 16 in high school all over again. 
Anybody here ever get strong violent urges?
So syllabus week is a thing? #physicsmajorproblems
What is love 
My roomate definitely thinks I'm insane he has headphones on but I just realized I've been feverently talking to myself for about an hour
Why do i wanna marry beer?
Man one of these days I'll be standing next to something dangerous and someone will anger me or stress me out and I will just impulsively commit surprise suicide
Now I realize how important art history was freshman year. Just reached level 70 on trivia crack. That's what it was for all along.
Wifi's back. Thanks Obama. 
I really want to do well this semester.... but FRIENDS is on Netflix 
WHY THE FUCK IS THE CLUB NOT GOING UP
Sitting in class behind both of your dealers. #JustGeneseoThings
If you walk in on me during sex either get your notepad out or give me a high five and leave
SWEET BABY JESUS THE WIFI IS BACK.
Do I study for accounting 302 quiz or give up
The wifi is back 
I went to DJ school
My version of flirting is looking at someone I find attractive and hoping they're braver than I am
yo it pipe guy on main who sttole my pipe im fukcin hammred this isnnt funy
thank you freshman for keeping me updated on everything that happens on campus. 
I'm so good at tinder and yet so bad at flirting in person. 
Why the bloody hell is it so hot in the buildings today
Only real benefit of being an RA is having tons of people want to fuck you for no particular reason
My life would be so much more organized if iPhones automatically kept screenshots in a separate folder
Got a kik? Need two girls for our suite. We don't haze ;)
You know what would be awesome? If you could do mind control. I dunno how I would even use it for during the rest of my life I would have basically everything I wanted in like a month
How many times do you think Sisqo's family asked him to sing the Thong Song at their Christmas dinner?
Does anyone know where professor Lima's 4pm INTD is being held tomorrow? 
Signs you have forgotten to masturbate: 90 percent of the people you meet look fuckable
I've led an awesome life so now my only goal is an awesome death like in a threeway simultaneous orgasm
I just hate my fucking roomate. I hope he chokes to death tommorrow.
Hey guys. How was everyone's day? <3
Low carb diets are the devil. Can't fucking eat anything 
I dont wanna be your friend i wanna kiss your neck 
When I say hillshire you say farms
I love spending time with him but I don't want to appear as too clingy...
You is smart 
You is important
You is kind
Shia LaBeauf
I would love my crush so hard 
Oranges are orange 
The Breaking News yaker needs to stop
ya so dont eat a bag of beef jerky in the dark when ur mad baked bc u might start to swallow that little poison packet shit o man it cut up my throat and im bleeding and i just wanna rip this bong man
I'm tired as fuck till the second my head his the pillow then I'm fucking wide awake. 
So coffee no longer has an effect on me...
People who say they love the winter r obviously illuminati🔺👀
Already don't want to do hw
Freshmen be like 'OMG im so gonna transfer' 😒
For those not at the game it's start of the third 2-1 Nazareth.  But they been tripping our guys all game. A fight almost happened. 
Why do I wanna merry beer? 
Wifi is working again. Yay yay
Not attracted to cross dressers I like my men to look like me that is what I am attracted to
I really wish I could find a girl who's into femdom but idk how the he'll to bring it up
I get anxiety in big classes or just being surrounded by people 
Procrastinating already 😎😎
Well at least I don't have an 8:30 tomorrow 
Second semester and i still dont know anythin about my suitemates
Forgot how much I liked you until I came back here 😭
My boobs swelled so much today that they didn't fit in the bra I put on this morning by the time I took it off
Not that I know a lot about computers but ever since you fuckers have been back late at night the wifi is slow af 
Hey my lovely Geneseo students some of you will be returning from parties. I just want to send a friendly reminder that some people do have class tomorrow and to be quiet coming back!😊thanks💕
I think im getting old i need naps to survive
Hate how easy it is to notice freshman... I feel like I'm back in highschool
Did anyone else see the drunk pack of AOpis in letch tonight? Those girls can hang.
I just really want to know if she sees a potential future with me. If the parents don't know about her sexuality then how will this ever work?
Even the wifi doesn't want me to start doing homework.
Wine.
Dragging your feet on the carpet to peel your socks off >>>> 😊
I feel so lonely. 
I won!
Am I the only one in the library right now? 
I cant sleep wtfff
Need to pee
when she says go deeper but you're all out of poems
Went to sleep at like 3am all break and now my sleeping schedule is all fucked up
Email: 'Do you want to be an RA?'  Me: 'absolutely fucking not' 
Is my Geneseo working for anyone?! 
Anybody else's Internet not working?
Helpbed so warm. Walking to the gym is not 
Sorry to my 830 I left all fucks about my appearances at the door yesterday. I'm not a troll promise.
Yak so dead this early. What am I supposed to look at when I'm taking my morning shit like damn 
UP THIS YACK OR JUSTIN'S GHOST WILL CLIMB INTO YOUR BED TONIGHT AND PEE YOUR SHEETS
Everyone get the bieber cut in memoriam ur a disrespectful piece of shit if you don't #ripjustinbieber 
Gotta keep my eye out for selener
I'll always think of you
Beauty and a beat more like beauty and find the BEAST WHO KILLED J BIEBS
Despite the fact that you urinated public you could still urinate in my mouth. 💔💔💔💔
Usher may have the voice 2 make ur booty go but he doesn't have the voice to resurrect our savior #ripjustin  
I hope they cancel classes tomorrow I don't think I'll make it through the day with the recent news on my mind 
GUYS I just checked the Google he IS DEAD
You can't let me die! I'm immortal!
RIP BBY i could've taken care of you 
Ur new hair was so nice. I miss it so much
The flow The voice The tats The arms The chains GONE FOREVER NEVER FORGET 
'If I could just die in ur arms'.... 2 real now wow #ripbieber 😩
FLOZUS WHY DID YOU LEAVE ME SO SOON
RIP mah boi 
Hey!! J biebs was the love of my life!!
I can't function without my god my spirit my soul #liveonjbiebs
If I could just see your face one more time
You were so talented 
Looks like Kappa Sigma figured out who justin bieber is and how to use yik yak. 
Ok these yacks are annoying he actually did die so these aren't funny 
Daga make it stop
Up dis yak if u think Selena did it #GottaKeepAnEyeOutForSelener
Wait wtf??? Did Justin really die or did someone just totally make this up??
This is unbielibable 
I admire the comedians for ceasing to mock Bieber when he said he was too faint to go on
Wikipedia really need to update
I wish they let you take the monkey with you. He could have seen you passed away
J Bieber...humanitarian friend loved one musical vision absolute heartthrob
Honestly if you down vote these you have no heart......he was a human being #justinbieber
Even tho he got a DUI he didn't deserve to DIE #ripbieber
You will always be at the heart of my world ❤️
Guys he was suffering with health issues for a while he smiled through the pain and that is why he is my inspiration 
We lost a good one tonight take this moment to tell the ones we love in this world that we love them
I have never cried so hard 
Biebs please get reincarnated in your prepubescent form
Pass on the message and we can match tomorrow on the green!!!!
Will never look at the color purple the same
No one will sag their pants quite like you
Dead Jbiebs starter pack: salty slaty tears
Wait did J Biebs actually die? 
SO MANY TISSUES AND TEARS 
Wait how'd he die? 
After being caught running into glass doors more than once..it was only a matter of time
NOW who am I going to chill by the fire and eat fondue w/ 💔
HE'S NOT DEAD IT'S JUST 4 GUYS HITTING A BONG THAT THOIGHT IT WOULD BE A GOOD IDEA TO FUCK WITH MY FANTASY 
I though it was a joke until the cameraman listened to the manager and stopped the taping
If I was ur girlfriend I'd never let you go.... Towards death's sweet embrace  
The end of the bieber roast was the most disturbing thing I've ever watched besides that video of a real-life nightclub fire
Do u beliebe in life after love  
I say the tape should be realeased: it shows children that death can happen even while everyone's having a good time and eventually takes us all
Why did you have to go so young I just don't know how
I say Comedy Central shouldn't release the roast on DVD...it's disrespectful. Watching him die live on television was enough
I'm going to cana-die without my favorite Canadian :/
Pls stay with me babe 
His swag will live in forever
Comedy Central is so heartless. Poor boy
How do you get a boy to talk to you
Another musician at his prime lost to the darkness. 
I'm for the biebs
I can't believe you were here only an hour ago
How did people hear about jbiebs dying because I'm so confused.
Throwback to when justin said he hoped Anne frank would be a belieber...finally got his chance to know 
It's sad
Join the mourning club in the mosaic room at 3pm tmrw to properly handle the death of our fallen shoulder 
Usher better collaborate with drake to express the extent of his heartbreak 
I was like baby baby baby ohhhh my god are U dead #heis #ripbieber
Honestly I wish I were a professional cuddler. I wanna get paid for snuggling up to people who need a damn hug y'know? That's the dream job dude. 
Lol people saying Bieber is still alive. Yeah I bet he's hanging with Elvis and Tupac right this moment
Can't sleep without knowing what happened someone plz tell me???
Cancel class biebs is dead
Throwback to cut for bieber...don't do anything stupid girls 
I'm so fucking confused I'm not seeing this anywhere but yikyak. Be real with me - is Bieber really dead?
Germany just HAD to take his monkey...they just had to be the bad guys again 
Doesn't anybody think it's suspicious he didn't turn blue or convulse before he died of a 'heart attack'
I dunno about ya'll but I'm consider using Mr Knife to take me to the promised land where my hero rests
He isn't actually dead. His reps said he's 'alive and well' and that its a hoax. Y'all need to calm your tits
all of you are major fuck boys Jb isnt dead
Weird that nothing's online yet
You people really went hard with that bieber hoax 
Many year from now I'll be old and senile and make my great grand kids listen to all the times I managed to take over yik yak by saying J biebs died. Then they'll ask who the fuck J biebs is. #life
The king and prince of pop are dead. It's like watching both Mufasa and Simba dying. 
To all of you who said Canada could take him back...Jesus beat ya 
It's interesting what fame can do. If we knew 100% that a  townie from geneseo died it would get a few nice yaks. But because JB is famous and made a name for himself yik yak was taken over with panic
I just want a funny yik yak but it's being ruined. I don't care about your problems how alone you are or about Greek life or JB. You all say you missed Geneseo yik yak tbh I think it sucks. 
Don't joke at a time like this
Unless ur doing it for the sake of knowledge u shouldnt go to college if u dont know what to do yet 
Why don't we have a broader selection of actual art classes. Why do I have to fulfill an Arts requirement with Art History...
I thought I got a textbook in the mailroom today but it was a care package from my mom which included vitamins and herbal tea. I think I would've preferred the book.
Why are we talking about JB not being dead? Shouldn't we be making jokes about the broken water main pipe? South side freshies are going to reek tomorrow
I don't have to shower tommorrow as most of the freshman will smell like shit tommorrow anyway
She broke up with me cause I didn't go out enough but I've literally gone out every night since Thursday....
Wtf Geneseo what happened to your yak game
It's really sad to me that soooo many girls seriously gave a fuck about jb dying. American society is so disappointing sometimes.
Like would be so much cooler as a tiger having stripes and shit
Who is JB?
Yak was great break happened yak sucks. 
I get pessimistic sometimes and then my yaks get downvoted so fast
There was no water but We showered in our tears. #ripjb 
Sit on my face
I totally forgot what I was going to yak 
This 8 am class is already becoming old real fast
We can have Pac back now right??? 
Could you I don't know NOT move furniture at 7:30am? That'd be great.
got up early to get starbucks before my 8:10 so proud of myself for actually waking up get to the union starbucks is closed. Great way to start the day! 
Everybody is complaining about the lack of good yaks but I have confidence they will increase with the level of procrastination
yaaaa turn your music up and keep yelling it's only 8 am
Oh dad why is this school so hard so cold and oh so numbing why oh why?
Is fusion open yet
I just accidentally downvoted my own yak. Even I think I suck.
Watching Netflix and eating an apple with peanut butter while ignoring the copious amounts of reading sitting on my desk. Am I an adult yet?
Lol guys freak out when blood starts pouring out of my vag during sex. Relax I would have told you if I was about to get my period
Do you have to be skinny and really pretty to get into SDT?
Anyone else's books not come in from the bookstore yet?
An even better sex prank. Four words: oral sex and ipecac syrup
People in relationships pleasedo not cheat whether ur a guy or a girl just straight up don't cheat. Bc finding out my gf cheated on me while away at school is the worst feeling in the world
Curious: if you heard someone say 'I hooked up with him/her' what do you assume? Make out or the full shebang? 
There's always that person in your class with the obnoxious laugh 
Need to get some snow football games going...
What frats should I rush
If you've ever seen a really ugly French person you've basically seen a Neanderthal. Things we learn in Anthro
So I lost my phone glasses and key last night really looking to find them if anyone wants to help
Just saw a pizza maker finger blasting a Co pizza maker during their break. Now they are making pizzas again!
Shout out to the girls who text first love you mom 
I want so many pugs right now. Or some drugs. Pugs and drugs. 
Are you a thirsty hoe? Then I got just what you need 😏... a bottle of water. You gotta stay hydrated if you ever gonna find a man gurl. 
Every guy's room comes equipped with a trusty jizzrag 
Poll: Is the bush back?
Are starbucks fusion and the corner pocket open with regular hours? I'm off campus soo idk what the deal is with them.
When the water went off yesterday was anyone else afraid that we would all have to pee in the woods? 
Up vote if you go to late night. If not comment on why not. 
To the girls in Daga 420N can you please shut the fuck up. Your high pitched voices make my ears bleed. 
The best club is club sandwich 
When your boy friend goes to a big ten school and is out partying at a frat and Im here laying in my bed at Geneseo 
I wanna ask this kid if he's gay
Guys what are some reasons you'd cancel a date with a girl? Would you do it because of nerves?
'Go suck a dick' 'I'm trying!!'
What the fuck why are there so many cute girls on this campus!? I'm so frustrated I wanna ask you all out but I don't actually know any of you and I'm too shy to ask a stranger out. 
When they lie saying they want a relationship and then just say nah we just friends 💔💔
If I see one more thing for 'game of war' I swear I'm gonna flip out
Man Everyone is having some level of guy or girl problems on the Yak tonight. Myself included. We need to make this shit like a group project like 'okay everyone grab a partner' boom problem solved
High af 
Guys how often do you stare at us girls when we are on the treadmill? 
I just want her to try. What is so hard about giving your heart to a person who is willing to treat it with love and care? 😢💔
It's simple. If I drunk text you. You matter to me
I cannot wait for the day when you can send smells to people. 
What's with all these relationship yaks
Can people just up vote this for my self-esteem
Is it summer yet
A burrito is what I'd like right now
Your brown eyes are life incarnate they are the fertility of soil and the strength of earth itself.~a green eyed boy who thinks you have pretty eyes
As an RA I fucked so many of my residents
Just remember you've made it this far - keep your chin up!
Reading shitty yaks over all of break has made me a shitty yakker
Feel like an old person cause I enjoy tea and good music over getting drunk most nights
I'm so tired. I just want a girl to sleep next to and hold her close to me.
First time eating LETCH dinner upstairs since I've been back. Thought I had a strong stomach but all I really have now is a leaky asshole. 
Does anyone  else not know who they're rooming with next year?
Who wanna spark me up? Jones hall
ignore me all you want but at the end of the day I've still seen your dick 
Waiting for a reply via text to a serious question gives me so much anxiety 
Ladies would you ever go for a guy who's kinda chubby? Strong shoulders and arms but still pretty dang chubby? 
When does drop/add end? Monday?
Just accidentally added a dick pic to my snapchat story while trying to send it to a specific person. 
Really wish a girl would make the first move on me. I'm too freaking shy!
Why are you all so shy? Do you know how many single girls here are here just waiting for you to ask them out?
During the day I love it here but at night it gets pretty damned lonely 
I feel so alone. 
Living 300 miles away from the person you love sucks
People of Niagara: some of us have class tomorrow and need to sleep PLEASE lower your music 
Single girl seeking rebound boy
For every up-vote this post gets I'll post a meme in the comments.
Wake me up when the semester ends
The single college student triumvirate; Kik Yik Yak and Tinder
I need to have sex every weekend to satisfy my high sex drive
Accidentally added made a selfie my snap story and didn't realize till 8 hours later...
Sleepless Night...
Why do I enjoy having penis in my mouth so much...
Only thing getting fucked over here is my sleep schedule 
Nothing is better than my vibrator at the moment
I swear I've barely eaten any food since I got here but it looks like I gained weight. What the hell do they put in the food?
I'll take my pants off and kick your ass right now
When you're too drunk to handle uhots
Quitting drinking. I'm drunk now and I feel gross. Because fuck hangovers and vomiting and shit.  
Sammys was bangin tonight👌👌👌
Anyone want to cuddle 
Sometimes Geneseo yak gets real deep with the relationship/friend advice and other times it's just dicks and periods. There is no in between. 
I just came to say hello
Toothpaste sandwich #420
Plorn
Wooo! I've finally joined the 100 upvote yak club! Thank you fellow yakkers! 
I pee on the couch
Sos geneseo
Taco Bell u dingus! 
Hi pretty people 
Communism 
Everyone is my friend forever!!!!!!!!!!! #lube
When I have a crush I feel like a stalker 
I just want Mia's
My self esteem is at an extreme low. And I can't talk to anyone about it. 
I finally asked her out! She said... maybe :/
My lamp just fell in my soup! what do I do? who am I? #whitegirlproblems
TURNT
Meaning is endlessly differed down the chain of signification. #cinnamontoastcrunch 
People shit on Sammy's but they're actually cool af and their party tn was on point 
Three penises woven into a braid 
Be grateful for what you have now before you lose it.
I love your eyes and their greenish brownish blueish color
Pokemon strap on 
My mind wanders too much at night. 
Pizza mind
HOW STRANGE IT IS TO BE ANYTHING AT AAAAALLLLLLL
What is sleep
Any girls wanna send me nude pics?
Anyone out there trying to avoid the drugs and alcohol and just in it to get laid? Cuz I'm just looking to have sex.
The grass is always greener on the other side because I don't give a fuck about my lawn. 
Fucking liars
Already fallen down the shit hole 
Overthinking will be the death of me...
I just wish I could get through to you
If you want to argue loudly and beat each other up don't act surprised when the police show up. 
I love the people at Geneseo so much. I never want to leave.
Upvote for boooooze
Nassau 301 always up to something. Keep doing you
WOW VERY DRUNK
I can't sleep.  
Is there any male in north village that would not mind getting a roommate? My roommate is a terror and I'm trying to get outta there asap. Would love to get lunch or something over it
Now hiring someone to physically pull me out of bed to get my ass to the gym. 
lol people r getting up and I'm still drunk
My using sarcasm to hide the fact i have emotions game too strong 
Why did I go out last night...why did I drink... 
To the guy who hit my car today fuck you too.
#StarbucksCantBreathe
Nothing like the first chip Mathews email of the semester
Any recommendations for a laid back frat to rush?
Guys:what do u look for in a long term girlfriend (serious & satirical answers allowed) 
Will fusion be open at any point today?
Children are 80% water so if you walk on children you're 80% Jesus
Who wants to be my fuckin cinnamon apple 
'Yeah. He knows I had sex with the sammies'
I wear a life jacket cause I'm drownin in pussy
I always upvote my yaks because I know in two seconds it's gonna be back to 0.
I think every black person here knows each other 
Any girls wanna see how weak my pull out game is?
Confession: I'd eat out a girl's ass if she asked me
it's all fun & games until syllabus week is over 
That moment when you hop onto your bed and let out a huge sigh knowing classes are over for at least a few days
Watching 21 jump street has made me self conscious about 1 strapping or 2 strapping my backpack around campus 
All I want is some god damned fried rice why did MJ change from Stir fry to shit fish tacos. fuck this school 
Don't know which sorority to rush 😳
Always beat the girl in a game of Jenga on the first date so she knows the pull out game is strong
Do you ever put in your earbuds or headphones? You're actually never listening to anything but you don't want people to talk to you.
My jokes are like my shit today. Corny as fuck.
Quizzes on the first week? Y u do dis?
Who is bho?
My professor makes her own YouTube videos that we take notes from. It's basically like she's letting us preview her mixtapes.
When it smells like pot on the substance free floor...
'Oh my god next weekend I am totally gonna finger bang you'- workaholics
How the heck can some ppl wear shorts in this weather? #passmeurgenes
I dont go to the gum because im fat and i dont want the fit ppl judging me 
Does sammies let you in if you have a girlfriend?
What is sammies 
Why is it so impossible to find people that like the same music as me?! Any other underground rap fans out there? 
'We soo cant be friends with her cuz shes so ugly' Really? Some ppl act like they're still in high school grow up. 
Want to rush but afraid of the time commitment....😕
Yoo great thing about being a hermaphrodite though when you jerk off you got options
Akpsi is awful. Don't bother rushing this semesterit's One of the worst organizations on campus.                                   -a soon to be former brother
Kkkk guess im never getting married #2uglyy
I really need to get fucked tonight
Heyyyy you!! Yes YOU !!! Ur sexxxy as fuck 😉
It's a tribe called quest kind of day 
can I start drinking yet?
when does starbucks open
Dk pledges have to memorize brothers highschool sports stats
Girl on the bus u r very loud shh
Really need my dick sucked...
◼️single ◼️taken ☑️emotionally invested in fictional characters and boybands
Don't Rush Ago
Happy Friday :)
Not knowing anyone/anywhere to go on the weekends.. Ugh. 
I can't tell the difference between gay girls and straight girls because I like gay girls who look straight 
My boyfriend is thinking about rushing sammies. Please be honest do the guys sleep with all the sororities? I'm not sure I'm gonna stay with him if he joins...
My Friday night activity includes smoking and drinking from the comfort of my house while watching people slip on ice. Yes I feel bad but it is funny as hell.
Is Starbucks open yet? 🆘🚨
I love coffee so much I drink decaf if I have to 
What do people mean when they say 'Sammie's isn't relevant here'? What frat is relevant? A fraternity has no effect on the daily lives of anybody but the members and maybe their friends
The only sammies I care about are sandwiches. 
My GPA is finally higher than the gas prices. What a great time to be alive! 
Starbucks is overrated and overpriced. Use this time to save money and drink better coffee. 
Dear people who shush people in hallways because you're trying to study try CLOSING YOUR FREAKING DOOR
🌚🌚🌚
I'm going to transfer to a retirement home 
FUSION ISN'T OPEN STOP ASKING
My workout: 10 mins followin videos fuck it 5 min cardio 10 mins makin my belly talk 😅
Is Starbucks back?
I fuking neeeed stirfry
30 of pabst and a wegmans sub. This is going to be a good night
i have to pee but my girlfriend is skyping with me
I LOVE SINGING IN THE SHOWER
Somedays im all wow i hate myself and other days im like ya know.... I do have a cute butt 
I came out the womb with my dick hard
I'd like to apologize for all my thirsty posts. It was a rough break up... 
okk so sammies had the stereotype of being the nerdy nice guys what's wrong with that?
What are some fun clubs to join?
Does anyone on campus have a waffle iron? 
Damn it gets so lonely here sometimes. Especially when you're introverted af
Hey I wanna have a thing where you all bring a blanket and maybe some food and come to the lounge of a dorm building so we could all watch a movie and make some friends. Would anyone be down?
I love wine🍷🍷🍷🍷🍷
i need more stoner friends. i hate smoking alone
College kid from another school looking for a good time tn any tips or places to know about? (Bars are last resort) 
Yo shoutout to those calzone ladies they're way behind but they're working mad hard. 
Any science major boys want to hit this?
Mac open
Looking like the freshman have taken over yik yak
Overheard in Suffolk: the lady that waxed my vag popped a pimple on my butt too for free 
And my roommate goes out another night without asking me if I want to. Like bitch I don't know anyone here and you know I like to party. 
There was blood when I wiped CAS is literally tearing my asshole apart 
Which sororities haze?
Anybody is nassau wanna hang out?
I like u but u probably have an std
Nothing worse than hearing a hot girl complain about having too many tinder matches.
Accidently hit a bobcat in traffic got a bid to DK
I use my old books as plates
Last night I had salad for dinner. It was a fruit salad. It had grapes. Ok it had lots of grapes. It was all grapes. Ok ok it was wine
'We don't haze' - every greek organization on campus
To the owner of the black sedan next to RJ you left your lights on *patrick star voice
turn up 🙌
The Knight at the women's bball game was fuckin great. #WhoAreYou???
Sammy's guy who I threw the celeb shot for last night and then played pong afterwards...who are you?
How does one get 'too many' tinder matches? That sounds like the least problematic situation possible.
When you had to hold it in for so long that peeing feels like an orgasm 
Not drunk in love just drunk. 
Man sometimes you do lots of exercise and don't realize how strong you've gotten until like a month later one week you struggle to walk up the stairs next you're doing chokeholds with your legs
When you're trying to watch Netflix but you're chewing too loud so you can't hear anything 
Periods are fucked up. They make you super horny and then cock block you 😕 
At this point I'm drinking to stay warm
To all the lonely people on Geneseo Yak tonight... If you'd like someone to hang out with come to Ontario's main lounge. I'll be there with DVDs and popcorn. If you knock I can let you inside.
Does SDT haze?
MELO NIGHT!
Can someone please tell me Where chow hound is located atm?!
Where is chow hound?
Whenever I do something embarrassing on public I quickly monitor yik yak to see if anyone noticed
Wine
My friends appear to be avoiding me! What do you think is the reason?
Suite 211 knows best we love soccer we love pizza and we love you. Have a great night 
Can someone please tell me where the chowhound is... I'm starving!!
My Friday night includes crying and wishing I had better friends 
I was born to be a stripper 
I look away when wanting to cross the road so people don't have to stop and wait for me...
Snapchat > kik
Love listening to everyone getting on the bus to go to parties outside my window while I'm sitting in my room watching Netflix 
I'm impressed by how many men here don't judge based on size. Im a big girl with plenty of tinder matches. Proud of you gents!
DK u have small cocks
When I'm drunk peeing almost feels better than sex. 
Cringing about the days when I said bogus conversationally 
Man who just delivered my uhots. You're beautiful and I would like to get to know youuuu 
Oh what a wonderful day to hate everything. 
Going to club soccer is like getting your period at prom.
Lax player here can confirm I can suck my own dick while lying flat
🎵🎶 I'm sucking my own dick and dyyyyiiinnggg 🎶🎵
I just wanna get drunk and fuck and cuddle my boyfriend 
First week done and my GPA is going down faster than the gas prices
Yo lax will choke DK with our cocks
'What else do you expect me to do... I'm gonna get drunk and hit on him.'
Sometimes when I want a new perspective I smash my head into a wall. It's actually a terrible idea I can't even remember how I started doing it or where I am right now
I'm peeing clear atm 
That was a really good show
Whats there to do if youre not drinking or partying....
You don't know how much you depend on Starbucks until it closes for a couple of days 😐
Honestly after you hold it in for a while peeing feels better than almost everything
Man I'm a total hypocrite I hear people who are being loud and I'm like hey fuck you but then I'm like oh shit I'm a loud person too
Not wanting to do something and then hating yourself is my current emotion. Okay. Hating myself in general...
'Fuck a fake friend where your real friends at.'
So drunnbkk
Doing the right thing by others is a great thing to do... But never doing the right thing for yourself is what lands you crying alone in your room with no one you can text who you can freely vent too.
Anyone else in an ldr just feel empty sometimes?
does anyone really go to the interfaith center
She's the man is a classic and no one can deny it
Is it really a Friday night unless you have 30+ snap chat story updates
So thirsty so so thirsty.
*Walk so it looks like you're normal'
People criticizing me for being superficial on Tinder and I am like fucking of course I am superficial what am I gonna gauge their personality from their picture? Duhhr
Fav emoji:🗿
How far apart do you have to be from your bf/gf for it to be considered a 'long distance relationship'? 
I hate feeling numb and alone 
People are like what do you want a medal and I'm like fuck yeah I want a medal I don't give a shit if I deserve it
I wish everyone would quiet down 
Ww
Who wants to smoke me up?
Hornell police officer on Geneseo... Why..
I just farted in your coffee
Man call me sexist but it's just pathetic to see girls fight. Wow you really put her in her place by calling her a mean name before sort of lunging at her and flailing your arms doing no damage
Roommate walks in just as I finish cumming #clutch
Off my yak game tonight #lifeismeaningless
Current mood: I'm pooping
Maybe I should drop out and become a neohobo
Who's the kid wearing a blue Mets shirt in Kelly's?
Too many emotions
I want to meet people; I'm not into the idea of pledging a frat. I'm also not a big partier.... idm I suppose its not easy for me to get out there? I just want to do something this weekend though
This guy wants me to spend the night at his place. What should I do?
UPVOTE IF YOUR DRUNK ASS WANTS A QUESADILLA --->
You don't need fun to have alcohol. 
What if this is a video game and God accidentally put it on hard mode and that's why everything sucks
It really sucks wanting to trust someone but knowing you can't 
Living on Court on the weekends is the WORST
If you can amphetamine you can clean
Only 33 percent of Americans are happy. If you are happy no matter what you are superior to at least 66 percent of people in a very important way
I really need to meet some nice women  just hard to do from my couch on a Saturday night 
Love while you can.
No day but today.
Urgh you're bitchy AND you scream during sex? Worst. Neighbor. Ever.
Dude the space shuttle Challenger crashed and burned less than you just did with that girl. Ouch.
It's time for some
Bitches ain't shit my friends 
You ever see someone crushing on someone you know and you just wanna be like 'sweetie no I live with them believe me run fast and run far.'
I want to tell my friend that I almost killed myself 3 years ago (before we met) but I don't want to freak them out 
I don't know if it's the best idea to have two depressed people rooming together 
Sad movies got me thinking about life 
My CAShole is hurting from the food.
I did not drunk text anyone that I shouldn't have tonight. Moving up in the world 
Being the only person at the gym 👌
That moment of elation and dread when you realize you actually like someone
When you find out you like the same guy as your friend. #awks 
They need to develop an app that lets you un-send facebook and txt msgs 
Sooner or later in Geneseo you realize everyone hooks up with everybody. It's a small town. If you want that person despite that then go for it. Just don't be mad when (s)he tells you they got with 
I wish I just had someone to watch parks and rec with...
A garbage plate when high is better than any other gift a boy could give. Come hither.
Who's that really hot girl in rlk who works at the library 
Broke the seal like 3 hours ago and have been paying the price ever since.... #bladdercontrol
YAAAAASSSSSSSSS. Thank you Geneseo and good night 
Good ass night with my boys
The statesman: if you build it they will come.
Please make me feel better: does anyone else get really bad munchies when they drink? 🙈 
Idk why I'm so afraid to make a move 
What is life? I ask myself as I sit on the toilet pooping out my drinks from last night.
Having a big dick on Grindr is great now I just need the rest of the campus to wake up so I can fuck someone.
Wake and bake [cookies]
Why do i do alcohol 
Why need an alarm clock when my roommate wakes me up every fucking day
How am I even up right now
My first walk of shame and it could have been better last night
That awkward moment when he tries to finger you and you don't even know his last name
I cant believe my drunk self let me walk home alone last night in the state i was in... 😳
Relationship status: slept with laundry I was too lazy to fold
Gym or cookies?
I use tinder strictly as an ego boost
I hate waking up to super desperate texts that I sent last night
Receiving a late night ex text is a slap in the face 
Is Starbucks open yet?
The sun is too bright on Saturday morning 
Is the book store open?
How crowded is the gym?
I always wake up in the morning and hope that everyone was a drunk as I was at the statesman so they don't remember how ridiculous I was
Can we bulldoze Pizza Paul's and build a Chipotle instead 
seems like the only way to make good friends is being really outgoing and talkative a partier or pretty 😐
Sometimes I feel so bad about myself when I get hungry. I know it's normal yet I can't help it. Then when I ask people to go eat I feel like a fat ass even more.
Last night- Woke up in a snow bank in a backyard at 11PM. The blackout was too real
You know the yak game here isn't as strong as last semester when the top yaks are over 12 hours old 
Just want to get it in is that too much to ask?
I guess girls aren't the only ones that send mixed signals ... 
Craving French toast...
Wake up drunk poops <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Is fusion going to open today? 
When I go to order a garbage plate there should be an alert on my phone saying 'are you sure you can live with this regret?'
Since Starbucks has been closed I have not been able to even 
I gotta hand it to the Union for being open til 2am. Almost shit myself at a party ln
When will Starbucks return from war?
Maybe if I listen to Beachin' enough it'll be summer again
Didn't go out partying last night bc that's not who I am but now I have less friends because of it 
You always wanna 'chill' after midnight but never have time during the day. Do you honestly think I don't know what's going on?
Fall asleep watching gossip girl wake up watching gossip girl 
Is fusion open?
that awkward moment when you can't figure out if the stain on your bed is cum or mac-n-cheese
What day is club fair?
THE BUCKS IS OPEN! 
All of these sorority girls look exactly the same
I love how people are still freaking out about Starbucks even though it was open for 8 hours yesterday 
Anybody wanna buy a heart? 'Cause I don't use the shit anyway...
Starbucks can finally breathe again! 
Whoever's playing that instrumental music/ their guitar in Nassau don't stop it's beautiful
I'm not a part of Greek life but I think it would be cool if they had parties everyone could go to once in a while. 
Does anyone know who the kid that was wearing a blue Mets shirt at Kelly's last night is? Is he gay?
I like my women how I like my coffee. With my dick in it.
Anyone out there gonna graduate with below a 3.0? Just wanna hear that I'm not the only one..
Honestly the taste of robust coffee and the taste of a lingering cigar blend so fucking well. I love it.
Last night I was so sober I could see colors.
I shouldn't have this much homework already...
Ordered a burrito bowl and then went back and asked for a plastic cup of avocado purée which was free. System: beaten 
I think alcohol just burnt my butt hole 
Sees fat girl with a crop top 'damn I want her confidence'
Took an hour long shower because I was hot and have a migraine...oops
If a guy ever tries to pressure you into having unprotected sex just start getting really excited about baby names and how flattered you are that he wants to have a child with you.
As a responsible guy who always carries a condom I have to say it's always girls that pressure me into unprotected sex 
Ain't nobody got time to pledge
You know you go to Geneseo when you're enrolled as a student here.
Come show your support tonight for the Ice Knights as they battle Down's syndrome and take on Canton #WeBelieveinJack. Puck drops at 7! 
Last semester and I haven't done anything worth remembering. However I was excellent at being anti-social
Anyone know if the pool is open for open swim today and tomorrow ?
Geneseo needs a J J's Diner
Worst thing ever: drank till almost puked Wasn't drunk enough woke up w/ a hangover. Like wtf
Woke up just to find out I sent 3 messages on grindr while I was thirsty last night. #cringe 
Don't feel like doing anything today... Or ever
Tbh yik yak loves to torture us today since the 'featured peek' is Disney World with yaks of 75/Sun and fun 😭
'If I study now I can get drunk tonight.' * doesn't study gets drunk anyways
Didn't fart while doing crunches in the gym. It's gonna be a good day.
if u take a shower then take a shit u might as well not have showered at all 
I'm a foodie an eatie and a regretie
pouria hamidi is looking for a mate 
Puppies are great because they don't question your intentions when cuddling!
Every building on campus should have a room filled with puppies for us to play with.
Damn girl are you a Prius? Cus I can't tell if you're turned on or not.
Thank God for Timberlands.
Im depresed im depressed im depressed im depressed im depressed 
Is fusion open?..
Geneseo: The leaders of tomorrow are the drunks of today.
So put me in a cage and lock me away and I'll play the games that you want me to play.
'Will being hot help?' 'Yes. Yes it will.'
I don't got no type girls with a pulse is the only thing I like 
After some of my shits it feels like a group of fire ants have colonized my asshole
Can't concentrate on homework for longer than 10 minutes 
Does DPhiE haze?
Im so confused what sorority should i rush? 
Is it just me or is the wifi even more terrible this semester?
As I opened up my fridge a beer fell out...  Couldn't help but thing 'well if you're gunna throw yourself at me....'
I will take good food over sex any day of the week
I feel like my sex life I have doesn't match the compliments I get 
I wish my skin at night looked as good as it does in the morning 
IS PANHELL KICKOFF AT 4 OR 430 AND WHERE IS IT??
I can feel my friends slowly getting sick of me
I feel like such a piece of shit 
I don't know if I'm getting depressed again but I don't want to get back on Prozac and gain another 15 lbs
Looking for a gross chick to start banging
Having no motivation in life is a scary thing 
I always feel like I'm boring people
Earlier I bought some Oreos and didn't realize until I got home that I left them at the register. How could I have let this happen!?
does PhiLamb haze?
Dogs r cooler than people
Giving my GPA up for adoption because I can't raise it myself..
Is it just me or do alotta people on here use yik yak just because they don't have anyone to hang with
'That will be $2.15' *hands cashier debit card* 'Okay your total is now $45'
Why CAS why. No matter how well I eat and how much exercise I do you still leave me feeling awful and sick. Please learn to cook. Please. My insides can't take another week of this.
Dog backwards is god. I believe in dog
Thought i was buying pot until he pulled out a bunch of cocaine!! Wtf geneseo?!?
At the end of the game when the hockey players stand there and do their thanks for the support I just look at them like damn rough is fucking sexy. 
Want to get drunk asap? BULL MOOSE 
To the girl who was taking calzone orders before; damn girl your eyeliner was spot-on. 
I have one friend here but when he hangs out with my other 'friends' I always get ditched 
Im just so impressed at the outfit choice for the guys around here  Like why is your knee caps and 10 fucking toes out ? If you wanna act like its summer ditch the coat too yall look so STUPID
God damn that was a great game
Rugby>Basketball 
Taco Bell should be replaced with either moes or chipotle 
Open at CAS tonight bring bitches 
time to rush!...my gpa back up to a reasonable number 
Big tities big butt too
I am always amazed when girls just give each other untrue compliments for no reason and I'm like WTF
When is yak gonna not be exclusively about rushing again so I can go back to not feeling like I'm gonna vom every time I open the app?
Plain janes from high school who joined a sorority and now think they run shit. I see you. 
Welp my friends suck. Going to hang out with the hillbilly townies instead. 
My big outing for the evening is.. the vending machine!
Rejection is the worst feeling
Yo what just happened at letch?
I just want a guy who's willing to stay in sometimes smoke and watch movies
Anyone know why the police just went by Wyoming with sirens?
I dunno why people are so pissed at Greek Life at the people in it I know are cool
I'm gonna use laser hair removal for the base of my penis:) I have enough stress in my life with school! 
Fuck Greek life
Humping my butt is not dancing.
As I'm sitting In my bed watching Netflix I've come to the conclusion that I need a friend that goes out every night. Live it ip
Best friends are so much better than boys 
Where is chow hound rn
How's RLK with bids?
Seriously thinking of ending this relationship it's just not the same
You know what would suck? If you rushed every frat and didn't get any bids
*finallllly begins to study*  *annnnd que: roommates begin to pregame*  *sheds a tear for what might have been* 
To all you lonely people out there. I just want you to be happy. Let's be friends :) 
My girlfriend and I are at the stage where we can fart around each other. I'm really happy but her farts smell worse than mine. 
Any girls into just smoking and having nice casual sex 
Anybody in Livingston wanna play catchphrase or something??
Damn Chow Hound is good this time of night.
Peoole say they're lonely they obviously haven't checked out FarmersOnly
Rush MAC if you don't suck
Anyone here be friends with a girl ask her out get rejected then still be good friends with her? Lol I dunno how I do it
Hotdog 
To the kid from Long Island walking up Court Street: hi hello you're cute 
Yo go get a cheeseburger cyclone from pizza Paul's and thank me later 
Lol people why do people shit on RLK AGO SDT DK and MAC so much
S/o to the church bell that let's me know what time it is when I'm too inebriated to be able to read 
My new motto; 'don't be a thirsty hoe unless you're a tall glass of water yourself.'
I want to rush crows how should I go about it?
Hot dogs on court street OMMMGGGGG so good
Seriously where's the party tonight?
Threesome? No thank you. If I want to disappoint two people at once I'll go to dinner with my parents. 
One of my goals in life; get two cute stoners to meet each other and start chatting it up and they set up a date at which point I start playing the song 'higher love' 
Happy fucken birthday to my girlfriend <3 have the best night of your life 
My specialty is catching feels for people who will never like me back and then silently dying inside 
Tbh I think girls that are kinda chubby are super cute. Thin girls are awesome you girls are super pretty but imo girls who are a little chubby and really huggable are just the best.
The amount of ppl walking down court Street saying girl are gf material
A Saturday night not shit faced? This is not horrible just need a chick now 
Male looking for friends having trouble making friends...please help
My special is getting angry devolving into borderline murderous mental illness and then suddenly snapping out of it when something good happens
How to get a fuckton of respect: be a literal midget whos sleeps with lots of women. Holy shit do other guys admire you
Archaeologist uncovering Geneseo 10000 years from now: WTF why are there so many cats buried next to this one house
No matter how safe I was during the month my period always makes me so relieved
College has me so poor that when I get 25 cents back using the Walmart Savings Catcher it's like Christmas Morning. 
I don't know how to describe this feeling but it's not happy. I feel so alone. 
Puking will make you feel 100% better omg 
Shoutout to the guy holding a disco ball in Mias 
I'm a straight guy comfortably in a long term relationship but damn if Brickler isn't the hottest thing wearing skates 
I just fucked up easy-mac. Didn't know that was possible. 
I've got a drunk friend and I don't know how to deal with her. Help.
Drunk bitches are the most annoying thing
If I never fucked a virgin again it'd be too soon. 
Sometimes I wanna be like 'holy crap you look super fucking sexy!' But most times I wanna be like 'hey... I think your eyes are beautiful... And I'd love it if I got to know you.'
The most depressing thing in the world is losing a clash of clans battle during a war
Who let me drink and then listen to sad songs 
Absinthe: for the kind of people who truly love licorice and truly despise their liver
You know those nights when you are just mentally fucked up and wanna do nothing but curl in a ball?
I want to fall in love so bad I'm seriously craving a strong emotional/ physical connection 
My fuck buddy got a girlfriend over break and now I haven't had sex since before break. Someone pls help
If it weren't for excessive amounts of alcohol and 2am Pauls balls my hard work at the gym probably would've made a difference by now 
Filling the gaping holes of my heart with bon iver 
I wish hot guys didn't make me so nervous when I'm sober. 
Coming down from being drunk reminds me why alcohol is a depressant 
When u like a girl and she acts like she likes you back :D till you realize she doesn't give a fuck about you n wants her ex :'(
S/o to all the bus drivers and delivery guys that have to deal with so much bullshit on the daily. 
I wish soo much that I could talk to this girl I find so beautiful. she was in my theatre class ... everytime I want or try to talk to her my tounge gets tied.... 
don't drop that gpa aaayyy 
If they cared about you they'd be here right now
Dear People Raging Down Second Street   Go home. You're drunk.  Sincerely  A Girl Who Needs to Wake Up Early Tomorrow.
Feelingso stupid
You know you're hanging out with the right people when your phone is still on 90% charge when you get back. 
There was a golden retriever at the part I was at tonight.  A GOLDEN RETRIEVER
Police are on a foot pursuit of a guy who was throwing chairs and banging on doors in gany
There are so many abandoned cats here. Lets start a new thing #leavecatfoodinthealleys #catsneedlovetoo
club soccer house is like the RJ of parties 
Handcuffed dude got put in an ambulance behind Allegany the fire department looks so unamused right now
Am i a lesbian for loving myself way tooo much cuz im kind of scarin myself while checking myself out in the mirror 😳
I just want her to notice me...
Some ppl are so ignorant mias over pizza pauls okay?!
Ur so adorbs but ur a jerk too #turndown
Fuck insomnia
An adderall a day will make me a doctor someday
To the guy that let me borrow his coat walking back from signu I have ur scarf and no memory of what else happened so....
Wake up in the morning feeling like... It is too damn early.
Go to sleep hard wake up hard
Work hard play... Nope just work hard. That's all you get to do. 
Nothing more lonely than not bringing someone home when ur roommate is out and sleeping alone :/
Getting -1 on a yak is like getting a C- it sucks but it still can stay 
When you get too drunk and you have to focus on not dying...
Having no friends means that every time I get a nice comment on yak it makes me really happy.
R.I.P. - Rest in Pussy
Hey everybody! Please don't buy or take in any pets this semester (or ever) that you can't keep for their lifetime. Pets are alive and depend on you 100%
Compared to my old college everyone here is like 100x nicer. So I just want to thank everyone for that.
Yo where the transfers with no friends at? 
'I'm a god damn stunner just ask my boyfriend' 
Who's your hottest teacher?
Shoutout to all the kids who reply to concerning yaks with compassion. Keep doing you
University police would win a game of hide-and-go-seek every time 
Why do we not have a place that will just deliver bacon? 
Chinese food and vodka ends up with a morning on the toilet  
So what's the statesman like these days?
I want a hot guy...
I'm heteroflexible. I'm straight but shit happens.
It's a sad day when you realize the IB generation will soon just be the juniors and seniors. 
I'm sorry but i am so fucking tired of having all of my friends nice happy relationships shoved in my face every god damn day and constantly being forgotten about while everyone else is off together 
I hate when I have to poop while showering. 
The kid in front of me at fusion smells like vomit
I want my future girlfriend to know when it's me and you it's ME and YOU no one else just us i will give everything to you and make you the happiest person on this earth.
I have never been intimate with a person I cared about and it's the worst feeling in the world because I know would be great at this relationship thing  
So the interview is an awful movie. 
Is fusion open
Took a shit somewhere in the union. First to find it let me know!!! xoxo gossip girl
Is the library quiet section crowded?
Shout out to all the cleaning personnel at Geneseo to have to deal with our disgusting ways.
I was so drunk last night that I actually used internet explorer
Shoutout to the kid singing Into the Woods while walking around Wegmans 
I hear about half and half. Are guys on tinder only looking for hookups or for something more? 
I have such a love hate relationship with Geneseo. I want to be here but then again I can't wait to get out. 
Shout out to me today for matching my bra and underwear. Just kidding I'm not wearing either of those today. 
What the fuck is up with all of these white girls and their Hula Hoops?
I don't know what's worse cold stethoscopes or cold toilet seats 
I just go to Wegmans to look at hot guys 
Strange things have happened here no stranger would it be If we met at midnight And we got freaky
I know you may think you don't have friends but I really don't. Sure I know a good amount of people on campus...but I don't have a friend in the world. 
Mother fucking uuuuuuuuuuuggghhhhhh!
Anyone taking the Shakespeare course with Herzman? how easy does it seem?
I think it's about time I start using my penis for good instead of evil
When your best friend doesn't consider you her best friend 😔
Sit your pussy on my beard 
I don't understand how places can serve bad chicken. It's literally the easiest thing to make
Guys I think I lost my glasses on campus near Letchworth. If found please return to them an RA or RD in Ontario. They have a clear lens at the bottom of the rim and are black everywhere else Plz & ty
When you still ask your mom to edit your essays
LOST: MY DIGNITY
party at hot guy house last night was poppin xoxo gossip goth
I met a girl once it was nice. 
I don't even want to know what high school dances will be like when I'm a parent. Homecoming will probably just be called 'Fall Orgy' or something 
Just once I'd like to see my parents without them telling me I'm too skinny. I eat plenty and I am a healthy weight. I shouldn't have to feel guilty about that
Wanted: advice on prostate stimulation 
All I want is to cuddle with someone and watch movies. Is that such a terrible thing to ask? 😓
While I don't want a long term relationship having a girl who likes to go on casual dates likes to cuddle and would share a pizza with me would be the best thing ever. 
When you know you messed up and you look to see if someone wrote a yak about you and like 10 yaks seem applicable 
Achievement Unlocked: cockblocked mySELF last night 
When you turkey slap your prisoners
Sometimes I do things I don't want to just to prove I could be a contender
Why's it so hard to find a girl who is a freak in the sheets 
Some portals go to Narnia others go to Southside. 
Wise men say 'forgiveness is divine but never pay full price for late pizza'🐢🍕
In search of samskwaatch
It's an unfortunate feeling  
I made a casserole 
I just want someone to stare at me like Biden stared at Obama during the State of the Union 
That awkward moment when you're thirsty and you have to pee.
Came to geneseo thinking it would be snowier than LI. I guess geneseo is the new Florida
How much are dues at the national sororities
Asexuals don't fuck around 
Want to try anal but having trouble getting my dick into my own ass. Any suggestions
Sunday night shits are the worst because you have to ration the toilet paper
Atleast I don't have a selfie album with my name as the title on Facebook 
Ya know what's fucked up as a girl I feel like I'm supposed to think I look ugly but I don't think that I like the way I look but feel bad about it 
J to the R.O.C know what I'm sayin
Adults are more obsessed with Facebook than we are. 
Got drunk all seven nights last weekend.
Nothing like having a warm body at your side
Ahh yes coffee. The dirt of the sea zoom water liquid propane zap gelatin earth syrup.
Okay guys be honest: would you fuck a girl who's chubby?
Worst part about college is I'm literally always hungry.
Worried that I'm never going to find a guy who likes me
I want to be an air bender 
Imagine how weird this app would be if we could send pictures. 
Fuck it I'll bang ya 
How hard is it to get into the school of business?
This was a great way to start the semester! 
Taking my bra off at the end of the day is the most liberating thing ever 
College is that funny time in our lives when we spend more time on Rate My Professor and cramming our heads into our books like ostriches compared to what constitutes a normal life
Wish I had a nice girl. I'd let her pick a movie on Netflix and we'll just cuddle.
I feel like i would be more comfortable in a local sorority. But I'm very unsure what to do 
Kik anyone? Just want to talk to someone 
For national sororities assuming we get a bid when do we find out who our big is? After pledging or after we get our bid?
LYING IN BED WISHING I HAD SOME DINO NUGGETS 
I want to bathe in a pool of queso
I feel like getting pizza and swapping music would be such an effective date 
My roommate plays 'bitch you guessed it' at random times in the day and calls it Black Jaws
👶: m...mmm 👩: come on sweetie you can say it!  👶: m...m... 👩:!!!! 👶: mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell 
Woke up this morning like 'nope can't handle a bra today' 
Where does a girl have to look to find a good guy around here? Someone who will respect me and doesn't just want to hook up
Honestly though...? Girls who are super ticklish are a real turn on. ESPECIALLY if they have a great laugh. 
Whenever i get a question right on mastering yeah by usher plays in my head 
I used to daydream about my future so often but now my depression has gotten so bad I don't even see one
I wanna kiwi
There are certain words where you love the way the word sounds and you love what the word itself means. For me that certain word is 'snugglefuck'
Who wants to get pizza cuddle and talk about nothing for hours?
Fuck people who take your clothes out the second the dryers done I fucking lost a sock 
It's weird that girls are so stuck and and guys are so thirsty on a campus where there's way more women than men. If anything it should be the exact opposite 
Girl you're thicker than a bowl of oatmeal 😉
Life goals: invent a font
To the girl(s) singing in Livingston by the vending machines you sound beautiful!
What the funk?!
Just wanna get covered in paint and slap myself all over the walls of the school. Leave behind some sort of legacy. 
Just wanna crawl into a cave where a mama bear is taking a nap with her cubs and let her raise me as a proud beautiful grizzly
Just wanna dress watermelons like steamship captains and toss them off a roof
Just wanna cuddle right now
I just want a consistent 
Had sex 9 times in the past 3 days. I'm fucking sore. 
I like 'stizz' cause it sounds like jizz
Sorority girls: what is the number one reason you chose the sorority you did 
My apple tastes like chipotle 
finding nemo 2 better be nicee
Really craving mozzarella sticks...
Any girls tryna kik?
I just got dumped outside the idle and now I'm crying into a garbage plate
Girl Scout cookie season. Where can I get that ish
Flew to 2500 miles to fuck my ex who cheated on me with her current bf while he was out of town... It was a productive weekend
Not gonna lie I've regretted not rushing a frat this year. I'm a senior and I feel like it was too late to join one
Do the national sororities haze? Like honestly 
It sounds like everyone pretty much wants the same thing: cuddles Netflix and some frisky time. How about we start fucking talking to each other in real life and unite some common interests?
When a girl is like I wish I could meet a guy like you.....   I'm a guy like me
Ya'll really have to socialize with the door wide open after midnight on a Sunday? 
Bullies at College:  'Give me all your money!' 'Do you take meal plan?'
Talking to more than one guy is not cheating doing stuff with more than one guy is 
Am i the only one who would really like to see more guys wearing leggings/better fitting clothing? I do like what i see
Anyone else hear the coyotes going nuts near south side???
I know you still sleep with stuffed animals bc I do too
What if we yaked by yelling out our windows 
I made such a mistake
Second week and I'm calling an all-nighter. Semester we're gonna suck
Stop with all the nugget yaks I NEED THEM
My into the woods obsession is getting out of hand 
I have am 8:30...
Accounting sucks already 
Is it too early to start skipping classes?
You don't look good in a fedora. Period
Some words are just appealing: snugglefuck.
i just wanna lay on the floor and listen to the dead for the rest of my life
I put weed in my underwear drawer and now my pee smells like weed 
I will never understand why everyone hates me so much 
As a girl who lost her virginity over a year ago I've never bled and sex still hurts like hell. Any ideas why?
I'm 18 F and I want to lose my virginity already and I honestly don't even care much who it's to any more
What does a girl have to do to find another girl tht wants to have an emotional and sexual relationship with them? Jeez
How important is it to be in clubs/Greek life/sports?
Starting over with a new guy is so hard 
I'm a pretty boring person. Not sure if I should do a frat. Thoughts?
Anybody at this school into tuning their own car?
poop
Why does it seem I can't find any gay guys?
One of the first ones awake for the day on campus hollaaaaa
So it begins
And the alarm goes off... Is it Friday yet??
I wish I didn't have a mean roommate
WHY DONT U GUYS BELIEVE ME IM REAL :(
All I wanna do is perform psychoneurological experiments on others. I wish I had the subjects and equipment necessary.
I'm going to start my hw as soon as I check Instagram Twitter snapchat Pinterest my mail yik yakTrivia crack words with friends and logged my meals into my fitness pal. Oh looktime for bed
I only have 2 more years to meet my wife here
IM GAYYYYYYYYYYY YAY I DID IT!!
When a sorority rejects you because you have a moustache and you're like that's totally sexist
I know I'll be so much happier if I come out but I can't bring myself to do it. 
When a beautiful girl looks into your eyes and you're like 'Baby I could totally turn you bisexual if I put some remote controlled electrodes in the right part of your brain'.
Classes cancelled literally everywhere but here 
I didn't wear a bra when I went to class for the first time ever today and man was I comfy!!
Cas? I'll pass
IM THE HORNIEST GIRL I KNOW
The buttplug comes loose
Banana for scale
I honestly thought I'd be over her by now... But here I am in tears wondering why she had to leave when we had the chance to make our relationship last... I wanna move on... But I can't stop hurting
Do you go to Geneseo? Cause you could get the int'D'
Why does my psych book think it's fun to make me take notes on the beginning of a chapter just so they can counter it at the end of the chapter? 😒
How do I set up an appointment at Lauderdale? 
MEOWWEWWWwwwww
YAK ADDICT
Who wants to build a snowman with me then come inside for some hot cocoa while i plow you into the ground to some christmas music
That moment when you're in bed on your phone and it falls right on your face.. It's always unexpectedly painful. 
GENESEO IS HARD :(
Does anybody else wish they were dead
There's only going to be 7 planets left (8* if we're still counting Pluto) after I destroy Uranus 
PUNCH ME IN THE FACE WE ALL LOSERS
I love you never let me go nutella
Whats up with yik yak rn?
Who invented the awkward shimmy/ jog we all do when a cars waiting for you to cross the street?
Hi assholes on Daga 3 North. Shut the fuck up. Go the fuck to sleep. It's Monday night. 
JUST AN ITALIAN HORSE TRYING TO SUCK SOME IRISH TITS HMU IF U A LAMP OR A HORSE
I don't know what the fuck happened over winter break but Genny's yak game is at an all time low. 
What if we just took the 830 am classes and put them somewhere else? 
I just want to be a reason behind that beautiful smile but some asshole hurt her before I got my chance to be someone supportive for her. As a man I'm sick of other boys that treat women like shit.
Snows out blows out 
RIP Blink-182
The fact that Sip allows people to post pictures from their phone gallery just invalidates whatever weird shit people think they're going to do on there 
What if when you gave someone an STD you no longer had it... Like a fucked up game of hot potato 
Thank you so much Geneseo for installing sensor in your lights that automatically TURN OFF when people walk by. it's just the best fucking thing feeling ever walking home at midnight in the dark. 
When a boy lies to you and says he loves you for 8 months just so he can fuck you and leave #justgirlythings
Hey couple who regularly has sex on the third floor of Genesee I CAN HEAR YOU. love a second floor resident. 
what if Geneseo doesn't give F's because when students do that poorly they literally don't give a f(uck)
I pray to the squirrel god
If you complain about hearing me have sex just have sex and make me hear you. It's fair and we both get to have hot loud sex and rub it in everyone else's face. 
Drifting. 
Why did the plows in the meadows decide 12 was a reasonable time to plow instead of maybe earlier when we needed it?! 
Not texting after a breakup is the hardest habit to break
The only reason people are saying the Yak game is worse is because you loser fucks who recycled posts from other places on the Internet are now recycling them on here and we've seen them all
Please no more yelling.
My snow hat brings all the girls to my-BLAURGHH
Speaking of cars and drifting would anyone be interested in starting a car club/FB group?
What happens to all the worms..
Your problems dont matter stop being insecure u psycho bitch 
'God doesn't exist only squirrels' Hahahahah
Anyone here tune their own car? I feel like I'm the only one. 
Just because you're no longer a freshmen doesn't mean you're the baddest mother fucker to walk the campus
I am cold and sad and empty inside and I don't know how to fix any of it
I love you. Why can't you see that? 😔
'I wish we were readying about play doh not Plato' #HumnProbs
Why isnt two strapping cool
I don't know what type of woman I want to be in a relationship with. Also too antisocial to got out and sample any of the lovely flavors.
Relationship status: waiting for a snow day
Are there any virgin girls out there that would want to have sex with a virgin guy? I want my first time to be someone else's also.
It's hard to stop being the jerk everyone expects me to be. Even though I am not the jerk that I project to others.
To be in a relationship or to not be in a relationship. That is the question.
Who's supposed to be making the moves here
Need an attractive male to hu 
Being super horny while on your period. What a sick and cruel joke. 
January is the most depressing month you're fat white and freezing 
The fact that 200 girls are rushing&less than half will get bids 🙈
Body is exhausted; brain is wide awake. 
What do guys do when they have to pee and poop at the same time? Do you stand and then sit?
She showed me her big titties and I was like 'Breastfeeding is just so important for proper early development'.
All I want is a whore that offers a reasonable price and will go on a date with me before sex. I don't need romance I just want sex to be a pleasant and relaxed affair.
The maintenance people who shovel the snow you the real MVPs!  
am I the only one who plans out what I'm going to eat for tomorrow? 
Why do we even have RAs if they don't do their job anyway?
Have you ever had so much anxiety over a girl who broke up with you but you still love that it's impossible to fucking live a life
I love being white just saying 
Once again. Assholes on Daga 3 North. Shut the fuck up. 
If beer is only 8% alcohol. What makes it taste so bad?
Strawberry Fields forever 
Are people actually serious when they are asking for 'Kik'?...like do ppl really post that shit?
Fuck that online quiz
I wanna meet a girl that'll make me a grilled cheese
Went to bed at 11:30... Still awake. 
Heeeeelppppp
Why do girls like to be tied up
Dhskakeishrbrbdooeoejsbahsjc
Omg Facebook is gone 
Ducks quack Eagles soar
Deepest thoughts come at night before falling asleep 
Smacked Boiz don't sleep 
Beer is 90 percent water and you're supposed to drink 8 cups of water each day. How great is that!!
Personally I think the Daga RAs are neato
We're actually curious which of us you don't like
I hope the three Daga residents who are commenting on all of these posts aren't straining themselves trying to keep tabs on every yak. Have fun with your 8:30s tomorrow. 
Anyone who'd be interested in making a car club or just modding/fixing/driving/drifting comment below. I feel like this idea has some traction to it. 
I just want to get wasted alone in my room all the time
All these residents throwing shade at us and I'm just laying in my double bed like 😘
Ayahuasca
Lives are for living and hearts are for changing
It's a new year and it's time to change some things in my life *replaces bong water*
To the people below me blasting dance music at 7 in the morning: do you mind fucking NOT DOING THAT YOU ASSHOLES
I know it's been said already but for real. The brave men and women out shoveling and sanding the sidewalks for all out asses thank you. They really are the real MVPs
getting out of bed for this 830 right now is what nightmares are made of
only comfortable in my bed when I have to get out of it
When I was your age I had to take the LATS bus to class in the snow up hill both ways.
ever have a day where u just wake up happy and can't stop smiling? I'm lucky enough to feel like that today 😊
Seriously though. This amount of snow is nothing! Snowvember brought like 5 fucking feet of this shit and we couldn't move. This shit is weak. 
Just walked into a class that is most definitely not mine...I guess I'm staying here for a while
Some days 1 coffee isn't enough 
I just thought of a reaction there's a curved arrow leading out the door and I'm going to follow it
Can she stop fucking calling out people like we are her 4th grader? -_-
Orgo class where professor is more confused than the students!!!
i dont remember the last time i was actually happy
geneseo: where you can walk to class faster than the time it takes for the computers to load 
Strang took Botany in the '60s. Strang grows pot
Wow my first got cancelled. Oh wait I'm just not going to it. #thisiscollege
U know its bad when the teacher looks dumbfounded at everything she writes down. #orgo
When you wake up with only 15 min to get ready for class. 
So Cortland sent their students an email telling them to 'walk like a penguin' because it's slippery out. Email included a cartoon penguin with a backpack & specific instruction on wiggling their arms
Why is this 'Blizzard' a huge media event?  Its winter and we are getting some snow in the northern U.S. is that really a huge deal?
I'm so sorry if the bus just passed you it was fucking packed 
Gets back from 8:30 class transforms into blanket cocoon.
'I use to smoke and drink beer in gym class'
Wish I had some of the pills in the movie limitless for this semester 
Professor Judkins talks like he's on delay 
When a male octopus finds a mate it rips off its penis and gives to it the female to inseminate herself. He then grows a new one.  'Here' *rips off and throws penis* 'Go fuck yourself'
There's nothing more frustrating than picking up a package and then getting back to your room and receiving another email saying you have another package 
Nice Smile 😀
Dear freshman running around the ISC: yes you look like idiots. Yes we are going to laugh at you. Enjoy your first day of the easiest lab you'll ever take here. 
Today's Forecast: Fucking freezing with a slight chance of wind burn on your nipples. Stay bundled my friends.
I constantly tell my friends to follow their dreams and that they're talented and will go far in life can't convince myself that the same applies to me as well
I'm more excited that my best friend might be coming to visit then I am about my bf coming up for valintines day 
My favorite part of today is watching urban white girls think uggs are actually good winter apparel
Why has Yik Yak become a judgemental cesspool of negativity? 
The common core is like communism- great on paper awful in execution.
It's colder than my ex girlfriend out here.
The game has changed you can't see best friends on snapchat anymore
'If we (anthropologist )were smarter we would make more money' - professor 
Trimmed or bare?
Donate to deep freeze!
Australians don't have sex. Australians mate. 
Currently filling out application to transfer to monsters university 
There's always that one kid in class you want to punch in the face for trying to answer every question and sucking up to the professor 
Being a freshman at any college is like automatic hazing.
Why don't humanities feature lbgtqxvb authors?? 
People think they need a huge dick to get a girl. In reality all you need are nice nipples and a cute smile.
So over moody friends and I have too much going for me to have to deal with girls who are miserable 24/7! 
Any competitive video game clubs around? Transfer student.
Snapchat made it so you can't see other people's best friends. Side chicks may now breathe a sigh of relief. 
Studied all night and all morning for my first quiz ended up studying too long and missing the quiz #StartingtheSemesterRight
It's impossible to look dignified while eating a burrito 
Wow today's weather really made a change for the better 
Girl who I let cross the street in front of me by the fountain you're gorgeous.
Anyone play guitar? I'm bored and looking for someone to play with.
when you're pooping and it hits the water when the beat drops >
Some people shouldn't be allowed to put things on social media. 
Mmkay -Gao
I hate how fucking liberal this school is. I don't mind that you're a liberal; if that's what you believe then great! BUT If I say one conservative thing you would swear I'm the Devil. 
I really don't think guys that are wearing shorts in this weather are trying to be tough?...
The sandwich guy at Letch is awesome and hysterical 
Let's make out have sex cuddle and have a deep talk. Then let's have sex again go out to eat then go back home watch a movie and have sex again. 
Wish there was a rope tow up cardio hill
Shout out to the kid who stole Talor Walsh's rocks in Geology today
How do I approach a girl I really like but think she's talking to a guy?
To the dude masturbating in the study room... I can see you...  Sincerely. Innocent Bustander
Too drunk for my Tuesday afternoon  class 
Never thought cats puking to techno music could be so entertaining. 
4:00 math canceled for clac 1. Woo I can finally sleep.
This is so stupid 
Visit Google Earth: gets Geology degree from Cortland.
Not being able to see people's bestfriends on snapchat anymore is going to lead to a lot of low key sneaking around 
Just fought with CAS at the register about a price and won
When people vote down my yaks I assume it was an accident you're forgiven
A free beer should come after being handed the syllabus for classes. 🍺
Got the club (milne) goin' up... ON A TUESDAY
My love life is experiencing a long period of salutary neglect 
Black ford ranger parked on main you're blocking a driveway bud
Sick of the bullshit you have to deal with in order to get into classes around this join.
Office lady: and why couldn't you come back into school yesterday? Me: um because I live on a dirt road where snow plows come once a day...I would've been risking my life.  Office lady: good excuse 😑
Best thing about being off campus is no CAS food and having shits that are solid. #TeamSolid 
The RAs in Daga are awesome❤️
Nothing will fuck you up as much as the realization that there's no real reason the alphabet needs to be in order
Yo you look pretty sick walking around the library with your unlit cigarette 
How soon in our friendship can I tell you that you're a fucking idiot?
Real question: if gay guys like men why do they typically end up with guys that act and talk like girls? No offense I'm just curious
The boy next to me smells like a burrito 
You ever bullshit an essay so hard that you don't even proofread it before you hand it in because you know it's terrible.
I'm constantly torn between wanting to do work and wanting to watch tv. I mean I want to do good. But then the TV just randomly turns on slaps me in the face and I just submit to its wonderfulness..
My nips are as hard as diamonds rn 
Does everyone here drag their feet when they walk. It drives me nuts. Pick up your damn feet
as long as I'm comfortable with her I actually love eating a girl out
So tired and shirked all my work off until practically the last minute...well...shit...
What's 'club milne'... Is it like a bar uptown?? Freshman probs :/
It's fucking brick rn. Could cut glass with my nipples
Don't rush Sammy's 
How the hell do you go to Geneseo and decide to put trash in the recycling bins?
Why is every fucking classroom freezing? 
You know your roommate is depressed when they are always in the room. 
I don't feel as if there any frats on campus that would make a gay black guy feel welcomed. 
If you think for one second that I'm not going to be fucked up to watch the puppy bowl this weekend then you are just wrong
Imagine how small the crows penises must be right now from the deep freeze 
Can I just bring a blanket with me everywhere I go? 
Took a nap and had a nightmare Microsoft Clippy became Geneseo's new president
There is a double tap to upvote now it reduces the  chance to accidentally downvote. Just go to your settings and click double Tap to upvote.  -xoxo gossip squirrel 
I would 100% thrive in the hobbit lifestyle 
I just want someone to tell me what to put in the 'recycle' bin in Starbucks like is it paper or plastic or glass or what?
I wish I could feel my fucking toes. 
Yo would there be a market for a PCMR club or would it be infringing too much into GAGG territory?
I can't feel my vagina it's so cold
I just had afternoon sex. I feel like I could climb a mountain muthafuckas. 
I wish I could heed my own advice but I continually do the same stupid shit I help my friends avoid. 
Why the fuck did I transfer up here. Its sooo freaking cold. 😖😖😖😖
I love showering without flip flops on right after the bathroom is cleaned just so I remember home once in a while 
I know it's stupid to think this but I've thought of harming myself just because school gets too hard.
Girl: come over. Guy: I'm coming over. Girl: we should stop using walkie talkies in bed over.
Fact #1573828338...You were to lazy to read that number
5 computers until I found an unlocked one in Mile. LOG OUT OF YOUR COMPUTERS PEOPLE.
How is it that the new snapchat makes me feel old?
I have auto updates off on my phone so I'm keeping the old snapchat
How is it that I have this much work already? 😫🔫
Postmodernism 💀🔫
How can you be so motherfucking irresponsible?!?!? 
It's only Tuesday 
If you've got a gorgeous and supportive girlfriend why tf you worried bout other ladies? 
I gotta say snow removal did an awesome job this time around. Thank you.
Just took such a long poop the light went off in the bathroom. 
Frat dudes be like '6 inches plus or minus 4'
Are really small boobs a deal breaker?
You'd think now that I'm a college adult I'd stop handing in work with food stains lol nope
I'm not broke I'm pre-rich
People are just straight fucked up
it's that time of day when you want to be in a relationship but realize you're not even talking with anyone of the opposite sex 
Nothing like getting a sports question right after an entertainment question on Trivia Crack to really humble you. 
No wipe poops 🙌
My 32 year old cousin told me he wasn't an adult yet. Just take life easy no one should ever grow up
Don't understand why I feel so alone even though I'm surrounded by people that care about me. 😞
Fuck losing 68 next year 
She's so highhh high above me 
If sharks could fly we'd all be fucked
Porn never judges me
Do some guys really refuse to go down on girls? Im a guy and have known plenty and never heard one of them say they wouldn't go down on their girl. I would love to know the reasoning
If I had a dollar for every word I've read in every book I'm assigned I might be able to pay for my tuition.
Second time Fusion has destroyed my stomach since I've been back. Fuck em. 
Coincidence is fates favorite tool
fleetwood mac Saturday?
Everyone start putting in your bets for the Puppy Bowl this shit is heated this year 
There is a negative relationship between how much time I spend on yik yak and how much fun I am having.
As a (mostly?) heterosexual female I still really wanna try eating a girl out at least once. Is that weird? 
I added you on Facebook... Since when did that automatically mean I want to hook up with you... My god 
Worship the pussy if you're smart 
Lol at grown ass men acting like sucking dick is less gross than eating out a pussy. Keep telling yourself that boys. 
I'm a guy and don't like either giving or recieving either oral or anal
The interview is currently playing in the media room. Come watch. 
If your freshman fifteen doesn't include a fetus you're fine. 
Both forms of oral sex can be enjoyable or not depending on the person's hygiene and your emotional connection with them. Please stop arguing which is grosser it is so childish.
So according to pornhub I have a lot of single moms interested in me. At least a I've got that going for me
This is my own private domicile & I will not be harassed BITCH. 
Love that time of year when my skin decides it really wants to adopt reptile-like qualities.
People make fun of me for never having seen a pussy before but I didn't choose to be gay. I don't expect you to know what sucking a dick feels like.
Every time I eat anything now I feel super guilty and sick to my stomach. My weight is always on my mind. Is this how eating disorders start? 
The only reason people think pussies are not grosser than dicks is due to the outdated stereotype that women are cleaner and more hygienic than men
Your mom's chest hair. 
The best part about being sick as a kid was when my mom would take care of me and give me Gingerale. My favorite part now is the possibility that I'll die and won't be enrolled at Geneseo tomorrow
If you're a girl thinking about going black but you're unsure I'll be the half-black guy to help you make the transition
It's hard being friend-zoned by your crush especially after deep talks lots of laughs and the tingly feeling when his shoulder brushes yours 
All I need in the life of sin is a hot British boyfriend
Is there a month for not wearing bras cause pls
I honestly don't think I can do this anymore. I think I'm going to drop out. Its just not worth it anymore.
Downloading the Amazon app on my phone was such a bad decision
What products are best for whitening teeth?
does anyone else have those crushes since freshman year with whom there is incredible silent tension but you've never even spoken?
This CAS food rips me a new ass every day. 
Who wants to watch a movie 
Is it sexual abuse if you've had sex with someone before but you don't completely agree to anal and they do it anyway? 
Bulldozing off
Take a step back and realize that everyone here is at least some degree of brilliant. 
There is no worse anxiety than being separated from those who you love when you need each other most 
The clown has no penis 
Geneseo is just the perfect size to run into all the people you don't want to see 
what's the point of snapchat if you can't see people's best friends?
when you can feel a sore throat coming and you get that 'god damn it I don't want this right now' feeling
I'm nervous to ever hook up with a girl because I'm pretty sure I have erectile dysfunction.
I got asked today if i was alright i had never been asked that before. It felt nice. 
I'll get normal Oreos rather than double stuffed. I'm trying to watch my weight. 
I am kinda just coasting through life while planing to start 'living' at the next stage.
I'm about to start carrying a contract stating all the terms and conditions of having sex with me that every female I sleep with must sign so they could never say they didn't give concent to sex.
Idk why I think it's so hot when a girl wears sweatpants. It's a weird thing to be attracted to haha.
WANTED TO THROW YOUR ROOMMATE THROUGH A FUCKING WALL
I dream of you amidst the flowers 😘
want to know everything about a girl I just met today she's one of those 
You like a guy so much that every time you see them you get awkward af 😩😩😩
I was in such a good place before I met you
Digo loves black titties
That's too much tuna 
Someone is taking the popular posts from imgur and reposting them for upvotes on yik yak.. I will not stand for this! 
I'm sorry. I thought we were finally at the age were sex wasn't 'gross' anymore.
Don't save her she don't wanna be saved. Don't save her.
My boyfriend's best friend keeps trying to get with me behind his back .. good try bud I tell my bf everything and don't fuck with you 
You're hot but we're already facebook friends so I feel like it'd just be weird if I swipe right for you on tinder. It's like we're fb-friend-zoned
I would gladly eat out any average-pretty std free girl any day. 
Pussies are mad gross I'm gay for a reason
First I couldn't fuck girls because pussies have bacteria then I couldn't fuck guys because anuses have bacteria then I learned my hand has bacteria on it and can't even masturbate anymore
Sure just go from talking to me everyday to never talking to me again because that's not confusing at all 
I hate people who get offended by everything. Stop looking to make yourself seem like a victim to get attention and grow up
When I grow up I don't want to grow up. #adultbabylife
All asians smoke
People say all the holes of a woman are too gross to fuck but they are forgetting the eye socket
Anyone else's tinder broken? Have never gotten a match before..
What's up with the new snapchat update 
My eyes are burning... Because I forgot to blink
Fuck man I'm in love with lil dicky 
Do girls still use lulu or whatever? 
HOW am I already drowning in homework ...where is our snow day 
Side hoes be cheerin for the snapchat update 
That moment when you think you're good at something. But then when it comes to testing your knowledge you can't even. 
I could've commented 'you're an asshole' on a yak someone who I walked by that day and said hello to posted 
My room mate sings all the time and gets mad when I tell her to be quiet but if I sing she says shh immediately. How do you live with someone who's self involved?
Why do frat guys have such basic taste in women? I can predict your types from a mile away.
Shall I compare thee to a Summers Eve? ... You're a douche. 
As humans continue down the path of evolution we should become resistant to big bites! 
Dies died will die.
I feel like I'm walking on eggshells all the fucking time with you
Ignorant people on here whining about people sexual preferences. Whether someone likes dicks or vaginas it doesn't affect you!! Why does one care what someone does in their time??
Dicks and vaginas are sorta like coke and Pepsi. Some people say they taste the same but I strongly prefer one...
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Hey is the female equivalent of emasculated efeminated? Just wondering
Whenever you think you need to get your shit together just remember there are still geese flying south 
Can't tell if I shld brag about my karma or be ashamed
First time living off campus I do all the dishes in the sink almost everyday but today she did the ones she used but left the dirty ones I used. Do we just clean ours and not all of them at once? 
The most closely related race to African is Caucasian. It is thought that  pale skin in Caucasians is fairly new perhaps less than 10000 years old.
Remember when Ebola was a thing? Good times 
Sleep is overrated 
Bloodslug
Stepped outside in the undies to test the waters. I think i lost a good friend makimg that decision
My roommate is easily the biggest dumbass I've ever met. 
It is amazing to me how immature my friends are considering how close we are to graduation. 
Last semester here and I'm just realizing that I do not like my group of friends 
I'm pretty terrified of dying but the idea of sleeping forever sounds pretty great right now
'Hey. Hey you. Yea you. C'mere. You're a little bitch' -ShitTalki Mushrooms
Currently trying to trick myself into thinking I'm a morning person...I don't think it's working so well..
The only thing that happens with age is our bodies get bigger
Wore jeans two days this week. Damn I'm on top of my shit
Nothing sadder than a hickey ruining the outfit you've had planned out for days
I signed up to live with 2 people not 2 girls and your boyfriend who doesn't pay anything in rent. 
Sometimes I wish I wasn't so awkward
Anxiously waiting for that class cancelled email from my professor 
Was going to wear jeans today but then I remembered I love myself and put on leggings 
It's hard to get up in the morning but it's even harder when you don't like the professor of your first class
Just realizing your food is way past the expectation date but you eat it any way cause you're broke af #college
Currently coughing out phlegm the color of the yik yak app
'wanna donate to the American cancer association?'   'do you accept meal plan?'
But seriously how did some people even get into this school.......
I just sat on the toilet and my first thought was 'Where's my seatbelt?' I need a vacation. 
Procrastinating so hard that I just looked up Geneseo spring 1991 courses 
I honestly love my sorority so much and the girls are incredible. But the way Greeks are pitted against each other makes me sick. Why can't we all just get along?
Whenever I don't want to do homework I take a shower and watch Netflix at the same time 
Does anyone else want to try to start a tradition at Geneseo similar to Binghamton's parade day?
Tips for hartvigsen's ecology class? Heard it's crazy hard.
How does one join ski club? Didn't see them at the activities expo
Guitar club meets Friday :)
Most of the time I really feel like I don't have anyone 
Is sand called sand because it's between sea and land?
Why did I come to a school with prepubescent boys 😩
If I live to be 100 I'm just going to make up some random reason...like I licked a pine cone every day 
Is it weird that all the qualities i would use to describe the perfect girl also happen to be perfect descriptions of how i feel about wegmans?
Sometimes I wish I was an octopus so I could slap multiple people at a time
Baby I'll treat you like I treat my homework. I'll slam you on the table and do you all night long until I can't finish you and then go cry myself to sleep. 
College senior: still don't know how to read Roman numerals #preparedfortherealworld
Orange juice is more like yellow juice 
I fucking hate myself
Anyone play Fun Run 2? I'm lookin to add some friends
What do people think about mac? I went to one of there rush events and had a good time but I don't know anything about them
Hey you. Get back to your homework.
The only straight I am is straight up BITCH
I think about you way to often for it to be healthy  I get excited when i hear your name Its almost a damn shame  That you dont even know my name
Does it matter when you declare a minor?
No one gets realer than your parents. They compliment you behind your back but talk shit to your face. Damn.
Look at this guy brushing his teeth getting ready for bed all responsible and shit. You think you're better than me guy? 
STOP tweeting 'what do people think about (insert sorority)' or 'thoughts on (insert sorority)'. You're not going to get a real answer just a lot of shit talking 
MAC are the type of guys to dip their toes in the pool before they get in
Procrastination activity #2: highlighting my leg hairs... 
Just plucked a nose hair for the first time not sure how I feel about it 
MAC are the type of guys to pick Peach in Mario Kart
Weed is so fucking tight
Anybody know anything about club baseball?
When you abbreviate a word in your notes but can't remember what it meant when you read it again...
Didn't even think it was possible to be this far behind on readings
I still can't believe it's been almost 6 months and I'm still the only one in my suite that's audibly farted... what the fuck
MAC are the type of guys to have sex in the shower so their girl doesn't see them crying
I have a legit fear of shitting myself in class. 
Just a girl looking to find a cute hookup that can maybe turn into a relationship? 
Boys don't have to use tampons or pluck their eyebrows. Lucky bastards 
I feel like punching a wall and being in the fetal position in my bed at the same time. 
Sammy's don't pirate movies
Ladies on a drunken evening do you prefer a man with a scorched earth policy lightly trimmed or full bush?
I'm either a) possessed by the devil or b) about to start my period. 
So annoying trying to find that g-spot where your phone will charge 
Why does everyone like sdt so much?  They're not very friendly or down to earth
I'm really concerned for the well being of those unborn babies should we start an Agonion rebellion.. Are you with me ?
My girlfriend plucks my unibrow
Ok Geneseo can you just hurry up and fix the security certificate already?
Ago pledges eat tuna fish out of their big's vag 
So this homework load is already pretty ridiculous 
I love the books I love the bytes I love the way the coffee keep me up all damn night 
I want a person that comes over when I'm horny but too tired to take care of it myself
People ask me what it's like to be a student at Geneseo. My response? Crying uncontrollably for about 15 minutes.
why do I still care so much about you when you care so little about me 
No matches on Tinder I must be one fugly dude. 
RECOMMEND ME MUSIC 
Any girls wanna kik another girl? ;)
When your roommate says you can sexile her whenever you want and she will sleep on the futon 
Anyone else already thinking about class registration for this fall?
Please boys come to me 
I treat leg day like my girl friends. Ignore them and watch them disappear
Kyrie having 55 points made me realize how much better his life is than mine.
How much blood is too much blood in your urine?
Wants a giver of oral 
My Knicks won!!
It's kind of fucked up when people joke about abortions on here Ago hater or not. It can be traumatic for someone and this app shouldn't be a trigger just saying
I can't stand when my roommates boyfriend stays til 12 
Stop asking about any Greek organizations on here. Go to rush events and find a group that you fit into well. If you don't then look at other organizations. Just get off YikYak with this. 
The door at the main entrance of the ISC is the reason I have trust issues
'I'm going to get work done tonight!'... 6 hrs later... Oops
When I see a dude jog by in just leggings and a sweatshirt I think 'I wish I had the courage to wear those' but also 'I wish I had those legs around my waist'
Ladies chest or abs?
what happened to going on dates?  we gotta get our shit together people. 
I understand there's a lot to regulate on this campus but shouldn't heat on the dorms be a main priority???
Anxiety and constant compulsions suck
bad at being social. 
I'm glad I'm not super skinny. I'm actually proud to have meat on my bones and a nice bubble butt. 
Is the term 'ham-planet' PC?
Is there reading due for Guzman's anthro tomorrow at 10?
Boobs  are so great like every kind of Boobs big small I like all of them. Just saying 
Two 40's deep spongebob class early haven't done a lab... College 
What's better yes or no
Ever just lay in bed at night put the ear buds in and zone out thinking about somebody? 
Ever since I started soaking corks I have been the most popular girl in school.
Need a post smoke hook up
My boyfriend just offered up the rest of his Mac n cheese for a blow job
I wish raising my GPA were as easy as raising my yakarma 
Good thing I just got motivated now that it's nearly 1 a.m.
Shout out to the bitch on the second floor of courtside building A getting boned right now the whole building is moving. 
Would u rather be abducted by aliens or have a leg getting chopped in half? 
How often do guys even get std tested? 
When you're ready to fall asleep and then you jolt awake because you forgot to set your alarm
He was so high-
Sometimes I worry I might be an asshole but then I think yup I'm definitely an asshole!
Hot chocolate just wants to be called beautiful chocolate for once.
got to eat my dinner infront of the stove to keep it warm to damn cold in this house 
If you want to vibe put headphones on and listen to Amber by 311. It gives the feels. 
Was close to ending it tonight. I'm scared to live tomorrow.
Lately my only mood is straight grumpy
I have gone three consecutive days not wearing a bra. Ha why people don't consider me a badass is beyond me 🙌
I feel like I am in heaven floating on a cloud. I want to kiss the hot boy in humn and just listen to Bon iver and eat ice cream 
Coming from a fat guy:the fat acceptance movement is horseshit.big is not beautiful; it's unhealthy and expensive both economically and mentally. We shouldn't accept who we are but strive to better
how is it only Thursday 
I wish my bank account was the same amount as my meal plan 
Can't stop thinking about big tits 
Did you really just text asking for notes because you over slept for our 2 pm class?
Just asked my black friend if he wanted to go on a cruise for spring break. He said his ancestors fell for that trick once and he wouldn't make the same mistake
this just in: RLK loves fat cock in the bumhole
Kang went there 
Time to nap and forget all this work exists rather than expending conscious effort to distract myself from it 
I'm getting fucked up for Kang tonight 
No virtual form of connection or number of friends here can fill the gap in my life when you're not here :(
Do you take a date to formal???
This many people feel like a zombie and don't want to go to their next class ----->
Watching the freshman bio majors doing the lab scavenger hunt 😂
Heading to Chipotle 😍🙌
Thursdays never end man
Any parties tonight a lonely transfer could come to
How much does it cost to be in a Greek organizationinn average? Like dues and other expenses.
I'm basically getting a foreign language degree from just listening to my professors 
What sort of professor gives a 40 question multiple choice 'quiz' with 5 minutes left of class? #fuckyou #ihaveotherclassestogetto
I'm currently in a spell dryer than Gandhi's sandals 
I just need a person
Am I the only one who likes to think the really vague geneseo crushes are about me? 
Why doesn't CAS have the amount of calories on display? I feel like I'm getting fatter :-/
I love that my brother back home will randomly txt me to see how I'm doing 
Brewing my coffee with Red Bull tomorrow in order to stay awake for my three hour class...
Biggest crush on a girl I've never spoken to
Im so sleepy for this film right now in anthro..
There are so many of us girls out here dating single guys...
Is it spring break yet? 
The sophomore slump is too real
I'm overweight have terrible coping mechanisms and a perfectionist in an odd ironic way. Any takers gentlemen? 
What did enuju kang do
Dogs have no idea that whales exist..
Everyone you know is fighting a battle you don't even know about. Be kind
A 4.0 average? That's great though I still have no need for your approval... Fascists.
Literally so bored. I can't join clubs cause in a few weeks I have to work a lot but right now I have no idea what to do with myself. Ideas?
Infiltrate the dealer... Find the supplier. 
Casually watching an episode on HGTV with the woman and her husband who live in Erie Hall
That little Asian kid in ZBXi is so cute 
Just told my friend that I like him more than a friend..wish me luck 🙈😁
Drinking game: take a shot everytime you see a Yak not pertaining to Greek life. 
Just the tip?
I want a call of duty set during the revolutionary/civil war
I'm still waiting to be good at something.... *dies waiting*
Rule #1: You don't fuck your friends boyfriend... 
Those of you who lock the computers in the library should jump off a bridge 
I just want somebody to loooooveeee
I wanted to say it but no words come out. How do I tell my friends that I'm taking a leave this semester? I feel judged...
Snapchat isn't fun now that I can't stalk people's bestfriends list 
My roommate is such a bitch
Whoever was playing the piano in Sturges around 4 today...it was beautiful ❤️ distracted me from my INTD class 😁😁
Truth hurts sometimes but it's better to know then not to know 
When someone says they're going to send you a powerpoint but it's been 1000 years and it's due im an hour.
SEND ME THE GOD DAMN POWERPOINT ALREADY 😠😠😡
I need some guy friends 
How of you get an actual date with a guy instead of just a hookup
New level of procrastination: opening the visualizer in iTunes 
A sophomore at Oregon State made a porno in their library and it got 260000 views in a day before it was taken down... Step your Milne game up everybody. 
Up this if you're a sissy and have to know a girl for like a month to build up the courage to ask her on a date
A large percentage perhaps a majority of  serial killers pass as perfectly normal or just a little eccentric for a long time. If you watch interviews you will find most don't even act creepy at all
People call the men at Statesmen creepy...you are hanging at a dark club with drunken men trying to get fucked at 1AM. That's like visiting a KKK rally and complaining everyone there was racist
I don't know you but I want you all the more for that.
If your clothes have been sitting in the washer for 20 mins I'll wait a courtesy 5 minutes but then I'm taking it out
Would people notice if I ordered uhots to a party? 
Everyone should take that email seriously and email the dean and head of chemistry. If enough people do it maybe something can be done about this horrible excuse of a professor. We deserve better.
I smoke crack on the daily. These bitches can't save me. 
Whiskey is soooooo good
That's so fetch.
'Oh you're German? Your ancestors killed my ancestors!' 
Toilet order of operations= check yak then snapchat then fb then insta then back to yak 
Sitting on a cold toilet seat with a fever is the worst
I love jerking off when high but its so fucking tough to get started. I've been meaning to get on pornhub for 10 minutes now but here I am still scrolling through pictures of nachos with my dick out.
Rap battles in Ontario 
I don't understand the whole invite process for sororities? Like what are we invited to?
Anyone in Gen. Chemistry 2 Lab... How long has the lab lasted this week since  we aren't doing an actual experiment? 
I feel like an outsider in my own friend group and its horrible
I do far too much for people who do far too little
Wish I was partying right now
Organic chem lab always makes me feel like I'm dying afterwards #paranoia 
2n turn your fucking music down
Slipped on slush and dropped my tater tots. It's a sad night. 
Although my textbooks are nice one night I'd like to curl up next to a man instead of my books
Niagara lobby shut the fuck up
So where is the ontario orgy I've been hearing about?
I am totally in the friend zone with the boy I like...
To the girls screaming Uptown Funk: shut the funk up.
I think my lips are permanently chapped.   
Does any one else ever feel like they are literally too busy to feel sad? 
This weekend I plan on just walking into the statesmen and asking who wants a threesome. Ya'll better wear your pretty undies. 
When your texting someone and you tell them you're going to bed so you don't have to talk to them 
Helping my friend study Spanish while she is drunk.  😂👌
I can taste this music #thanksLSD
Join ZBxi get a forced hard drug addiction
Bepis
I have the body of a god. Unfortunately it's Buddha. 
Gas prices are so low I can expand my Tinder radius ...
never too early in the semester to start crying myself to sleep
Didn't take a nap today so I guess you could say I'm basically an adult now ... 
It never ceases to amaze me how inconsiderate people here are. It's 11:30 stop yelling PLEASE
Why is it that even though I'm in a relationship I feel even lonelier than I was when I was single?
I fucking hate the soccer team
My boyfriend is cheating on me and I'm too afraid to tell him that I know
Any advice for not letting guys walk all over you and treat you like shit?
Hot/cold flashes achy body scratchy throat... Lying in bed on my back with my hands folded like a corpse hoping death comes faster than this
Is it weird to ask for a girls phone number if you've never said a word to her?
Life would be so much easier if we just knew who our soulmates were since birth. 
Why don't they make alphabet soup for other languages?
If you bring me a Pauls ball I'll sleep with you. 
Being a transfer student sucks. 
Forever crying for the innocent animals I see on Facebook in rescues or in need of rescue because of abandonment abuse sickness or simply because they don't have homes...
Is it bad I hate my boyfriend 
Eventually parties get old and you realize you'd rather stay in with people you actually care about and eat pizza.
I love when girls dig their nails into my back just saying
Squeeze my butt pls
When your RA tells you you're being too loud because you're screaming at the lion king
yo download 3nder it's tinder for threesomes
THIS FUCKING DOOR IN DAGA IS DRIVING ME CRAZY
When I was a kid I kicked and screamed when my mom made me take naps. Now I rearrange my schedule to fit them in! 
Does anyone else hide under their bed during fire drills?? 
Why doesn't my professor make eye contact with me?
I love having the choice between going out and staying in. I'm grateful to have friends that party and friends that stay in and we're all in the same group. So so grateful. 
The girl you like is 10x more intimidating when she's with a close friend
It's always unsettling when the shower water becomes hotter after someone flushes the toilet
Pretty sure I'm the least socialable person ever
Havent had sex in the 18 years I been on this earth damn👼Im so proud 
Proposal for new chip flavor: The Sweet Sting of Rejection #LaysFlavorChallenge
Lol daga 2 north door is ending my existence 
You can only try and change your bf so much before you realize you don't like him 
I'm faded
Sitting alone in the dark listening to rock music is the best 
What the what
Would u rather eat pizza for the rest of ur life or cookies. (But u only can eat cheese pizza and only chocolate chip cookies)
Guys getting at girls in the statesman like zubats getting at the pokemon trainer in a cave.
One week into the semester and I already no longer have my shit together
#teamnosleep
he's too busy rushing to realize that all I wanna do is just spend some actual time with him...
Deviant sexual interests 
So fucking horny. 
I no longer feel right in Akpsi. This whole thing isn't worth 120$ per semester. Warning to underclassmen: don't rush AKPsi. It's not worth it just join any other frat instead.
I am so glad I meat you tonight
People in daga 3N lounge shut the fuck up
Took a beer shit while I was still drunk: best feeling in the world
It's all fun and games until you realize the blinds are open.
In an LDR seeing them tomorrow for the first time in a long time and I'm just not in the mood for sex...urgh
How do I get rid of the feeling that everyone is mad at me constantly 
I'm exhausted all day long yet the second my head hits the pillow I'm wide awake -.-
psa: if anyone sees my circle glasses return them to me lost on court street
I love life 
PSA: The worst has happened. Lost the weed. Great universe please help.
How do you get your roommate to stop snoring?????? This is torture...
I just want to live my life but this bag of chips wont come unstuck from my hand
Babe there's something tragic about you something so magic about you. Don't you agree?
Got an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other 
The nothings that I whisper are honestly too sweet bro
I'm happier than I've ever been in my entire life. Life is joy!!!!
Team no sleep
Used to waking up at 5 set alarm for 6 wake up at 5 anyway and can't get back to sleep
I absolutely hate when people try to attribute everything to Religion. Someone overcame a tragedy? It was Jesus cause of Jesus. Got a good grade? Cause Jesus is watching over you. Like NO. Fuck that.
Marshawn Lynch: 'I'm just here so I don't get fined.' NFL player or senior sorority girl?
when I really fuck something up I like to claim it was performance art. you think I failed that class? you think I just got rejected? hah. acting. 
To the countless number of people who saw my DC gloves in Welles 216 and left them there thank you ❤️ Little things mean a lot to me and that made my day
High grocery shopping as a college student: literally the most dangerous thing for your bank account 
That awkward moment when you're parked outside your apartment but don't want to go in because your car finally started pumping out warm air
how am I already considering skipping class this early in the year
I'm fucked up
*Stays in room all day then complains about not getting a Geneseo crush*
Forever feeling like the only single lesbian on campus 
'10 Reasons Why You Should Put Down Your Phone and Go outside' Ok first of all do nOT tell me what to do
I know who you all are
Currently naked watching Netflix who's coming over 
I think I just ate enough corn flakes to prevent me from getting drunk tonight
Vodka might not be the answer but it's worth a shot
Literally I just accidentally slept the last 4 hours which most people would think is a waste on a Friday night but now I can stay up till 5am watching Netflix ❤️❤️
'Have a nice day!' 'Don't tell me what to do.'
Don't you drop that alcohol 
I am a dude and I hate political correctness but I find the notion that fat girls give the best head to be incorrect and offensive
Who wants to go to homecoming with me? 
Used the same pen all week without losing it. Pretty sure I'm ready to be a father.
Even introverts don't want to be alone.
Female on Male domestic violence is rarer than Male on Female but tends to be more dangerous when it does happen. The reason for this is that female abusers are more likely to employ deadly weapons.
Sometimes I wonder why I suck at meeting new people and then I realize meeting new people who weren't babies wasn't a thing until like 15000 to 20000 years ago
Anyone know where chowhound is??
*in back of police car*... 'Yo you got aux?'
Who want 6-8 inches on Sunday..... Of snow
My roommate wants to suck some dick but is too shy to ask...
Thirst in Geneseo #Real
If you don't get an invite back that means you definitely won't get a bid from them right?
Crave those minerals
Friday plans canceled. Shaved for nothing ~Girl problems 
Ran to my door to look out the peep hole to see if the RA was going to bust my neighbors...instead I saw a drug deal. What a good trade
At the point where I wanna start working out but I don't want to get depressed once I start and realize how out of shape I am
I have more fun with my friends back home then with anyone I've met here. Is that strange?
Any girls want to smoke a fat joint and have relaxing sex 
Bodybuilder Problems: People tell you they are gonna start cutting and you congratulate them without realizing they mean self-harm
Lol it feels weird when you are just a regular height and weight guy but have a dick size others dream of
Haven't cut in almost two years but that might change now. 
I just want to curl up into a ball and cry for no reason 
Even more confuse about which sorority to join after tonight...everyone made me feel so welcome!
Jus found $5 on my 21st Birthday 😁
Apparently I have 'child bearing hips'. Okay? 
People think about the US when talking about pollution and overpopulation but the reality is these problems can be literally 50 times worse in poor countries where the government doesn't give a shit
-7 degrees outside and people are partying  *sips tea*
You ever read a history book and think 'Wow humans used to be really fucked up'. That'll be us in 300 years
IM DRUNK!!!WHAT ABOUT YOU?????
Is the chow hound out
How can I get hooked up with some meat at this time?
HEY NOW HEY NOW. This is what DREEEEAAAAAMMSSSSSS are made of....
My roommate always kicks me out to have sex and when I tell her I want to go to sleep or need the room she always makes me feel terrible. 
IDF stands for international dance floor GET IT RIGHT....and you claim you love the IB. 
Is the statesman getting raided. 
I'm high
That one extra drink that releases your inner stripper
Female breasts. 
Even when I'm with friends I'm not happy. Is that wrong? 
cops always sitting next to the village tavern heads up
Nights like these I love my life...thank you
The fact that there are townies casually hanging around at college parties is creepy as fuck.
Just realized that my tolerance has decreased over break. The solution is to clearly drink until I pass out. 
I spend all my money on clash of clans
What is even the point of the Union if Starbucks doesn't open past 12...
Anyone wanna have really rough yet gentle sex 
I'm too sober for my drunk friends right now 😒
Hell yeah I'm spending a Friday night with friends! 🎶So no one told you life was gonna be this way🎶
Fuck ex's.....they always know how to make you feel like shit
It has been a challenging season.. for Bird Person
This semesters going to be real fun-already hit my tolerance for bullshit ✌️
Men are fucking insane when it comes to penis size. 5.5 is the average size. The standard deviation is not very big so a 6 inch penis is larger than 65-75 percent of guys
Any guy want to hang out let a girl know 
So I was at work today and I started singing Blank Space but my headset was still on and the person at the drive thru just say there and listened until I realized it
Another Friday night wasted.
But my person is not replying.
I hoping if I just don't go to sleep I won't be hungover  #wishfulthinking
You're so much happier after sex like life feels amazing right now why don't I do this everyday 
Don't get lost in the sauce 
I just want to wake up next to her every morning
Boredom Level: Reinstalled Tinder
I hate having to choose between being friends with shitty people who don't care about me or having no one 
I wanna randomly hook up with a guy while at school but I'm insanely shy 
Being sick and sleep deprived feels basically the same as being drunk 
All these lies and you still got no taste
As of right now I have been drunk for 12 hours straight. #personalbest
I am gay and really wish I could come out...
So rocks are like lava ice.
My roommate-'it's my room'. Well it's my room too bitch 
Why can't a just find a girl to cuddle with me at night? Where do I find such people...
Daga 4N shut the fuck up. Have some courtesy assholes. 
Too old for the statesmen 😭😭😭
Roommates that stay up to make sure you get home okay > 
I just love getting sexiled at 2:30 in the fucking morning. 
My dad looks good in a fedora. Pretty much no one else does though. 
I can't believe what I just did 
'Stop mumbling to yourself you're in public.' I say to myself while walking through the Union
Commercials at 3AM stop being creepy and just start being sad. 'Failing marriage? Looking to sleep with anybody other than your wife? Check out OtherThanMyWife!'
Wtf do you do when you hook up with a group member 
Too all the dumbass basic ass girls at this school I really want to punch all of you 
Kid I saw at Starbucks at about 9 and talked to about panini's. You seem really nice and are super cute wish I got your name. 
Just want to disappear to a new life. One day perhaps...
To all the country club ll bean boot and vineyard vine wearing sweater vest boys...go fuck yourselves 
Well I guess my bed's not made anymore ..falling from top bunk sucks
any girls want to smoke and chill? Plenty of expectations.
Finna diee
My pussyyyyyyyyyyy
I Read a book for 14 hours straight. I need a life. Help. 
I know it's weird to accept but if you're ever lonely and need someone to talk to don't ignore your caring peers on yik yak. Everyone needs a friend =] 
fuck all y'all. night Geneseo 
I need a cuddle buddy in livingston
The gym needs to open earlier on the weekends. Waiting until 10 and 12 sucks. 
My boyfriend just told me his addicted to porn but is trying to stop....what should I do
When you don't know if you're actually cute or just easy
So last night I got so lost at rit I started driving on the sidewalk by mistake...
Someone please explain to me what a geneseo crush is?
How does one get rid of lingering liquid courage ? 
It's okay laundry no one does me either. 
You know you're not close friends with someone when all of your text exchanges end with exclamation points
Going into work wearing yesterday's makeup and smelling like alcohol
Cute girl from the gym was also at RJ brunch please date me
I'm a femme lesbian. How am I ever supposed to meet anyone if I don't go to pride?
So what was going on by Niagara? Is everyone alright? 
How much do CAS workers get paid? 
Am I the only person who is pretty content with being by themselves at night? I never feel lonely not going out on the weekends or at night... Maybe I'm just a nerd. 
The sun comes out too early on a Saturday
If there's nothing written down next to party #3 on the invite that means we didn't get invited right?
I think some people are worth waiting for 
Have been laying in my bed for an hour with no motivation to get up. Then remembered I have leftover pizza
Just checked Twitter on my phone as Facebook loaded on my computer. This is an issue. 
After a night of heavy drinking I wake up take my shirt off and my roommate says 'nice tattoo.' My immediate thought was of course I have a watercolor dragon tattoo.
I wake up every morning saying oops I did it again
We're hot then we're cold We're yes then we're no We work then we don't You get the point we're bipolar.
Literally doing all my homework in one sitting so I can rage my face off tonight.
Been dating my bf for a year and a half and still feel like I'm in competition with all the other girls he's 'friends' with 
It's only 1:30 and I'm done with the world 
All this rush stuff sounds so complicated I'm so glad I never did any of that 
All these ppl scared about not getting invites to rush events. It's not hard to get invites just be yourself. Don't try to be someone you're not just to impress the frat or sorority 
I look forward to Sunday through Wednesday because I don't force myself to drink 
How did they determine who got invites for formals?? I know most girls got them but apparently some didn't...
Rush Kellys Saloon. Informal happening right now 
I can't be the only one who thinks the 'selfie stick' is the dumbest thing in the world. Right? 
Proud to say that it's 1:43pm and I am still in bed 
Seeing nice people getting really upset over not being invited to a sorority event just reinforces how much of a popularity contest it is. It feels like a MySpace top 8. 
just want to go to like Starbucks or Corner Pocket and sit down with a girl and just talk for a while
I hate myself for writing geneseo crushes when I'm drunk and not remembering them in the morning
I WANT AN OMLETTE DAMMIT
Anybody in Astro w/ Steinhauer that went to class Thursday did he give us any assignments ??
boobs = power 
Senior girl looking to take lonely transfer girl under her wing to a party tonight. Comment for kik
Easiest math class to take for a non-math major??
I'm so sick of the Greek life pettiness. 
There r ppl who can't help but sing when blank space comes on and then there r liars
Rush really brings out the worst in people. I hate this time of year.
You know this is going to be a stressful semester when you've missed the season premiere of scandal and you didn't realize that tomorrow's the super bowl! 
The bathroom stalls are not private enough on campus! 
Fuck SDT
Superficial national sororities can smd
My boyfriend and I are doing the cutest thing for Valentine's Day. I am going to watch him on TV and he's going to pretending like he doesn't know me. 
I'm ready for spring when does it start getting warm here
Nothing better than piffing this beautiful Saturday 
Are guy rushes supposed to be getting emails?
I accidentally got drunk and ate all my steak last night :(
That's alright I didn't want to have a nice day anyways... I'm just going to give up now 
When in the semester can you change your major?
Who you callin pin head
Rush the organizations that aren't mentioned on yikyak. They're the ones that will see you as a name as pissed to a number.
First world problems: when laundry view isn't working and you have to actually go downstairs to see if there are any open washers
Proud to say it's 3:12 and I'm still in bed
I bet you take showers naked dirty slut
Rush GDI. 
Boobs
People who got not invites or almost no invites what do you think caused that to happen to you? I ask so I can know how afraid I should be of such things happening to me when I rush next semester.
Just cleaned my room. I dont have to homework today.
If bids is Greek Christmas is rush Greek Advent?
Lol why are people so worked up about sorority rush while hardly anyone is worked up about fraternity rush
Dabs
There sound be a Gymview kind of like Laundryview where you can see how busy the gym is at a certain time 
Vasoline #alldayerryday 
When is Akpsi rush?
I send 'haha' in basically every text I send and I don't know why
Cats can rehydrate by drinking seawater and can survive in ambient temperatures of up to 135 degrees.
DANK WEEEEEEED!!!!!!!
Still haven't gotten a national sorority invite email...anybody else? 
I love textbooks where there are pages of just words and no pictures or diagrams of any kind.
first time having a friends with benefits and I finally get it now 
Before college I had no clue Greek hate existed. I've been Greek my whole life grandparents immigrated from there I eat balaclava and all and I say this discrimination should be spoken up against.
Sammies: providing alcohol to extreme minors since 1999
I'll never let go Procrastination... I'll hold your hand forever!.
It seems like my attitude every weekend is 'I'm going out but I really shouldn't' 
I just came
Anyone rushing Akpsi?
Shut up about sororities. You either got invited or not get over it. YikYak is stupid today. 
Walks into sorority 'Hi there must have been a mistake I didn't receive an invite but I'm here to rectify that.' *strolls in amid stupified faces and applause*
Steuben
Kind of wish my Doritos would levitate to my mouth.  
MAC are the type of guys to keep their socks on during sex
Everyone outside turning up in the cold and I'm sitting in my bed with a cold :(
What time does wegmans close? 
Getting alcohol shouldn't be this hard
Is MAC open tonight? 
Roomate: 'hook up with him!' Roomate 2: 'I could give birth to him and then eat him he's so small'
It just shouldn't surprise me or hurt when a guy lets me down now. I should just be used to it 😓
Is there any organization tonight selling cas hot dogs!?
How to I get a job working in the Corner Pocket?
Why do people say Akpsi isn't a real frat isn't a fraternity supposed to be a group of people who share similar interests? What makes it less real than a social frat?
I kinda sort of want to try coke
Maybe it's a good thing you didn't get invited to a sorority event. Try looking at it that way instead of being negative. Shit happens for a reason. Maybe you're made for better sororities. 
In 43 minutes it's my birthday. Who is gonna help be celebrate?
Best drunk food in Geneseo: slice at Mia's couple Pauls balls Uhots plate or something else? Go..
Love getting drunk on the weekend so I can get Paul's Balls
Who coming to the statesman?
I think girlfriend likes my friends more than me.
Why does Akpsi get so much hate? Did they punch your grandmother or something?
Where is chow hound?
How do I apply for work study?
I'm so happy I'm dating the guy I know I'm gonna marry now it just takes so much pressure off tbh
Where are my bearded men???
The last time I had a valentine was in 5th grade and everyone gave valentines to everyone
Sitting in my room watching netflix alone because I have no friends here... I definitely shouldn't have transferred
Don't be sad about not getting an invite. Not getting an invite to my top choice led me to my current sorority and I couldn't be happier. You're beautiful and belong somewhere :)
Is it just me or is anyone else just not interested in sex? All I ever wanna do with a guy is just cuddle kiss and spend the night in his arms. 
PARTY AT THE GOAT HOUSE!
Seriously what's a girl gotta do to get her friend laid?!?!?!
They're sharing a drink they call loneliness but it's better than drinking alone
Looking for an intellectual conversation with the opposite sex 
Breakup pains didn't hit me until now
Any girls down to JUST smoke and Chill nothing else?
Redheaded girls where you at? 😍
Only thing I look forward to about Valentines Day is the day after when I can go to Walmart and buy discount candy
It's called St. Valentine's Day because St. Blowjob for Jewelry Day didn't have the same ring to it
So i did something tonight that i'm not sure i was ready for...kinda feel like i'm going to throw up
Sammys is the place I want to be 
The only good time to yell 'I have diarrhea' is when your playing scrabble. Cause it's worth a shitload of points   
Courage the Cowardly Dog: 'The things I do for love.' Me:' The things I do for food.'
Concert at Avon is killin it 
How long after I give a girl my number should I give up on her texting me?
I'm afraid to shower while drunk because I'm afraid I'll drown myself. 
How much wine is too much wine?
Rice Krispies are a gift from the heavens. 🙏🙏
Chill? 
Statesman or statesmen? 
Will everyone please shut the fuck up about sororities! No one cares if you got into the one you wanted or didn't. Please shut stfu I'm tired of hearing about it 
Nothing like crying at Disney movies to make you feel like a true college student 
I need to lose weight
considering breaking up with my boyfriend. it's just mentally and emotionally exhausting
As a girl I grow some tits and message first on tinder but no one has ever responded. We matched what's your problem?
I see u lead singer of soft cough
No friends to go to bars with. *sigh*
I didn't know there was such a thing as physics parties
I just want to give this one boy my heart 
Being social<<Exo Zombies
Any girls wanna watch some Netflix drink some wine and talk? Maybe more if we're into each other? 
How would a guy at the stiz feel about a girl asking him to dance?
I can hear the guy above me having sex almost every night. I don't know if I should give him a high five or punch him in the face because I'm getting zero sleep.
After the Super Bowl the real dieting begins😔
Cumulative Penis
To whoever stole my joint from my jacket... FUCK YOU
Stop stressing about invites. If you didn't get your top talk to us we want to help you. We love you. 
I never realize how drunk I am until I sit on my bed 
Its funny how you can be seriously drunk out of your mind but when UHots asks for your number on the phone you know the exact digits. 
Since I have gotten to college I have watched more Disney movies then ever before... It still gets me when Scar throw Mufasa from that cliff :'(
I feel like I'm the only girl who loves anal 
Alright who here wants to be my wonderboy?
Have beer. Need friends.
Blackout and lonely... And blackout 
Made out with the girl of my dreams tonight there is hope for you guys out there
Yik yak paddy whack give a dog a bone
I really need a friend I just found out the most terrible news and I wish I had someone to take my mind off of it 
Kellys then statesmen or statesmen then Kellys? We've lost the normal rotation!
@ girls who like girls: how the fuck do u tell if a girl is into you or just being nice? I hate not knowing how to pick up on real sapphic vibes
I really wish I had joined a real sorority apparently that's the only way to make friends and I need some supportive friends 
My goal is to be the kind of guy you would want in your life I really wish we were closer 
Hunger pains are real
Having statesman regrets 
Any statesman girls leaving disappointed n need a place to crash?
243am is literally the worst time to get the hiccups. 
S/O to MAC for the awesome party tonight 
Statesman dj fuck me please
Let's drunkenly  bone 
DK is off this campus in 6 months guarantee 
S/o to dk jumpjng my friend 4 on 1 all you guys are pussy
dk is pussy
DK. War is on
I got an invite to all the nationals I pref'd but I still want RLK. #ugh #thestruggle
Either I'm really picky or just gay 
What'd DK do...
seriously anyone wanna blow me pansexual looking for fun 
DK FUCKYOURSELVES
Does anyone else get super angry when they can't txt BC intoxication 
My roomate sounds like he is grinding metal with his snoring rn... 
Who went to the soft cough show? :)
So fucking akward when you walk in on your roommate making out with some guy...
So girls what's a good girth for a guy?
At this point throwing up would be a relief 
high as fuck and you look up and the clock says 
Shout out to the 4 dks beating the shit about an irrelevant drunk freshman
Had a girl in my bed literally asking to hook up. I opted to fall asleep and later piss myself. Nice job me
Personal foul: offensive skin color
I know Sancilio won't close but I am still praying for a professor cancellation 🙏
Real question: how do I become a referee for the puppy bowl?
No one else is allowed to order pizza from Mia's today just me
Marshawn boutta slam the ball down Bill Bellicheat's adulterous mouth 
CHICKEN WING DIP
If I see my shadow tomorrow I'm not going to class
Frantically refreshing my email in hopes of classes being cancelled. Sancilio did it before he can do it again! 
It's 10:45 on a Sunday. And the struggle to find toilet paper is real. 
Is Yik Yak imploding?
Everyone wear your pajamas inside out and backwards and flush toothpaste down the toilet in hopes for a snow day. This is not a drill
The bills beat the Super Bowl champs this year
If we all make a pact to skip class we don't have to worry about cancelations 
We should just hose down our streets like they did in Hey Arnold.
when you were having a good day then you see something you really didn't want to see and now your night is ruined 
I broke the yikyaks sry 
Fuck the yak refresh banner and fuck the pats #cheaters
With this much snow and this many hills Geneseo needs a ski lift. 
roses are red  seahawks are ass only 2 yards? i think you should pass.
Dear prof Please cancel class. I didnt any of your hw for tomorrow.
Greatest fear of all time... Getting in the shower and the alarm going off.
🎶 Shipoopi Shipoopi Shipoopi.....the Girl who's hard to get' 🎶
Not just because of the weather but day after the superBowl. There can't be classes. Just can't 
The Seahawks literally threw the game. I can't even make this shit up. 
So hard trying to be positive
Who yells?
My old high school canceled school for tomorrow and in honor of my old stomping grounds I will be giving myself the day off tomorrow.
A girl I've been flirting with is willing to take a 7 hour trip to see me does that mean she's interested or just a super dedicated friend?
HOW do you leave a bathroom sink that is running FULL STREAM?
Looks like I'll be skiing to class tomorrow 
*brushes teeth before bed* *eats 5 minutes later*
Need to reserve a cuddle buddy for tomorrow incase classes get canceled  I got netflix and hulu+.
Looking for a chick to cuddle since the Seahawks lost. 
My suite mates are so ridiculously annoying 
Please stop singing. Sincerely  3rd floor Steuben.
Need a midnight smoking buddy :) any tokers?
The snow plowers need to stop working and let nature take its course. 
Just looking for a nice guy who won't mess with me and actually wants me for me 
Praying for annala to come in clutch with a cancellation
Almost 12. Hum teacher still has not cancelled class FUCK ME and tgis 8 o clock.
Msuaz thinks i'm ugly 
Last year's snow day was a magical enigma a mysterious force beyond our control not to repeat itself for another decade. TLDR: don't get your hopes up. 
Even if none of my professors cancel I hope the gym is empty tomorrow. 
Tomorrow I'm wearing my onesie everywhere nobody has time for this bullshit
Yep tomorrow will be a sweatpants day 
Reading myself to sleep everynight is getting real old.
Jesus please punish all the haters that down vote my yaks. Thank you.
You're tacky and I hate you. 
It has gotten to the point where I'm putting off work in hopes of classes getting cancelled tomorrow...
I don't know how to flirt with boys 
Rush is dragged out more than it should be. Rather just know now instead of saturday. 
Do u ever see someone super ugly with someone super attractive and wonder just how ugly you must be because you're still alone and no one flirts w u 😅
Honestly one of the best SuperBowl games I've ever watched.
I'm sick of you messing with my head and my heart. I don't want to care about you or anyone. I just want to be cold hearted. It'd be so much easier. I'm so tired of feeling hurt. 
Looking at my boyfriends ex gfs tweets about him make me want to throw up.
It's my birthday! Someone drive me to Canada😁
It's much more likely each individual class will get canceled than the campus. So pray your professor has a shitty car in the snow
Urban Dictionary 'fuck boy' -a person who is a weak ass pussy that ain't bout shit
Phineas and Ferb is the only worthwhile thing on Disney
Sports am I right! So who's trying to get laid?
Anyone know where Prof Williams lives. I would love to not take his map quiz tomorrow..
Pats winning actually makes the Giants' 2 SB victories against them more impressive 
Who's the worst disney villain?
The fact that some of our professors may actually be hung over from the Super Bowl tomorrow increases our chances of classes getting cancelled that much more. 
The biggest turn on for me is when a guy smells good. 
My professor is older and lives in Buffalo and we have class at 8:30 tm. Will I wale up to a cancel email? I hope so. 
Wish I could meet one person on this campus that makes me feel good to be me. 
So fucking depressed. I don't know how to get over this break up 
I love my roommate she makes coming to my suite feel like coming home like she's the sister I always wanted.
Dear professors  Hangovers and driving cars do not mix well. For everyone's safety cancel your class.  Sincerely  everyone ever
I wonder if my roommate can hear my vibrator.
The Ultimate Game of Chicken:  Me going to sleep versus my classes being cancelled.
That snow outside though 
Idk why Geneseo is suddenly so concerned about whiteout conditions like have you SEEN the class of 2018?
Trying to have phone sex but I can't find the hole 
Patriots are basically DK. They may have won but they are still assholes.
LEFFEN BEAT MANGO
I wanna smoke a Super Bowl 
Snow dance 
Please call this snow day soon so I don't feel guilty for opening this 40...
Sometimes i cant sleep because i start thinking of all the places i haven't traveled yet and all the things i haven't experienced yet and i kind of make a bucket list in my head
Does anyone know where Garrity lives bc like I'm not tryna go to geo tomorrow 
If you have unsafe phone sex you run the risk of contracting hearing AIDS.
Congratulations sports team for sporting better than the other sports team and scoring more points to win the thing!
Just saw three kids snowboarding down court street. 👏
I wanna hotbox an igloo right now
can't sleep although I have to wake up in 6 hours 
Anyone have a professor cancel a class yet? 
At this point I'm just staying up so the snow gods feel bad and make my professor cancel my early class tomorrow.
WHY IS THE SKY ORANGE
Plot twist: Sancilio actually meant to cancel classes but got too turnt to construct an appropriate email.
The fact that we're gonna have a foot and a half of snow tomorrow and will still be expected to go to class is beyond me.
Two kinds of people that go here people that think we're getting a snow day tomorrow and people that aren't idiots
I'm not a freshmen but even I can admit that this definitely calls for a snow day...
Homework until 4 am because in the likely case that classes don't get cancelled i can't afford to not hand in this work.... Damn yo
At night my thoughts are plagued with monsters and regret.
Girls what's your favorite porn site need suggestions 
Wow you guys are all so pessimistic.
Let's just boycot and not go to class. 
I just wanna sneak into the bathroom and suck someones dick... 
What I learned in freshman bio: how to answer science questions correctly on trivia crack.
Is it still snowing?
Any guys or girls wanna come eat me out? 
For like one week a year I think radiohead is the best band in the world
Honestly never knew geneseo had a woman's hockey team. 
When an akpsi post is at -4 and you get to do the honors. 
So ronery
My professor probably thinks I'm into him. What do I do?
It can't be a guy that got turned down by an RLK because they don't turn down guys 
You know when your period is coming to an end so you just pretend it's over and then bleed all over yourself 
I was gonna go to the gym but my car got stuck in the snow so I said fuck it and ate food instead.
What are geneseo's views on agender/non binary people?
I really don't get why people hate on APO it's a group of people that genuinely want to help other people. I just don't get why that's a bad thing. 
All this RLK hate is stupid considering they are literally one of the best organizations on this campus in terms of both social atmosphere (great parties no hazing) and philanthropy (Relay for Life) 
As president of RLK I can confirm that the WNBA is awesome. 
There is peanut butter stuck to the roof of my mouth please send help 
What place gives the best back massages around here idgaf how much I gotta pay
I need a good cry any good Netflix movies for that?
Ago formal: a time for the to enforce that they are just drunk bitches 
I honestly don't get why Akpsi gets so much hate.
Hate how Geneseo follows the cliche 'very liberal' student body....feel like I could count conservatives on this campus with one hand.
So tired of being sad just want to make crazy memories
Akpsi is getting too much hate. Its an organization that genuinely wants to help people. What could possibly be so bad about that?
The nyan cat website is gone
there's a reason I go to Gene'C'o
Can the person who did the Christmas countdown please do it for spring break thank u 
When your friends insist she's bad news but you've been crushing on her for 6 months...
Akpsi is a pretty beneficial organization. I don't know why people enjoy hating on it.
Where da single straight boyz @?
Can you use the squash courts to practice tennis?
finally took the step & made an appointment to speak with a therapist. looking forward to getting better & overcoming my depression 💕
They say college is a place you can 'reinvent' yourself but really I think people just become more of who they really are and its pretty awesome. 
February is definitely breakup month. Some people mistake the 'power struggle' relationship stage as falling out of love 💔
Why would anyone break up the week before Valentine's Day? Who wants to be alone on Valentine's Day?
Did anyone else see a bunch of guys snowboarding outside the union tonight?
Akpsi and APO seem to be getting a lot of hate tonight....
Does anyone else play Warthunder and not able to download the patches?
What ever happened to predictability? The milk man the paper body evening T.V.
I'm not a single bitter person when I say this but I'm not a fan of Valentine's Day. If that person really loved you shouldn't they show that everyday? Not just on one day of the year?
So tired of all these guys treating me like shit and taking advantage of me. I'm fucking done. 
'I wanna try breast milk.' -Guy on DK 
All this Akpsi and APO hate is ridiculous. These are two of the most beneficial organizations in campus what did they ever do to you?
Any advice for getting over a breakup?
I've been watching Netflix since 11:00am. Life's good 
I'm pretty sure I just found my husband on Tinder
When he broke up with me by saying 'I could never date a cutter' 
I honestly don't think I have emotions anymore
'Why is *organization* getting so much hate we're good people I'm totally not in it btw!' *comments and additional yaks hating said organization follow* 
Fuck all these dirty rush pictures on fb. Be any stupider? I'll report you-just watch me 
AKPsi: founded by a Cortland Dropout
Up this if pizza has impacted your life in a positive way
Netflix is like a relationship. In the beginning it's all rainbows and butterflies. Then it's that ex that you keep coming back to even though you know it won't solve your problems
Badmouthing organizations on yikyak doesn't do any good.... Honestly I thought the people at Geneseo were better than this. I'm disappointed 
Why would anyone care about me 
Sometimes I want to mess with the guys on tinder a little and be like 'yea sure we can hook up sometime but first I need to know if you believe in aliens or not...it's a dealbreaker'
The firelord is a dick
You know the organization hate on YikYak has gotten old when people start shitting on APO and AKpsi.  
When porn no longer stimulates a person that's when you have officially watched too much porn 
I just laid down in bed im so in love i love my bed im so happy
Barely into week 3 and I'm already done with this shit 
Trash talking Obama on yik yak isn't gonna solve anything... Starts with you buddy
Don't stick around waiting for him to commit ladies. 
I was sick today but went to my classes because there was no way my professors would believe I was sick on the day we get a shitload of snow and no cancellation 
The hate is real on the yak
I think my depression is starting to creep back (I was on Prozac 3 years ago) but I'm too scared to tell my friends or anyone really 
Vore
I think I'd be more productive if I had a fuck buddy to help me relieve all my stress. 
I'm procrastinating so hard...I'm on yikyak because I don't want to brush my teeth. 
Do all stoners like cats
I'm proud of myself 
Every single organization gets hate on yik yak. Calm down and don't take it personally...Jesus. 
Some people day sorority hate comes from guys who get turned down for sex by them but I think it's much more likely girls who got turned down to join them. Most guys get turned down for sex a lot
The Freemasons are rather jarring
What do you call a lion that ate your mom's sister? 
I just want to snuggle without feeling like I have to have anything other than platonic with my cuddle buddy
Studying music is worse than stabbing myself in the eyes. I need a beer... Or ten 
39 DAYS UNTIL SPRING BREAK WE CAN DO THIS GUYS ☀️🌈 
Supposedly vs. Supposably... 
Could be worse you could be in thusa
sometimes I fear this is more of a bed buddy service than a relationship.  It's certainly starting to feel that way...
I forget yik yak exists but am never disappointed once I remember 
Sometimes I feel like I have no reason to be alive.... Like I think the world would be better off I were not here........ I'm fine Now but I wish I had someone to talk to. It seems no one cares....
And now I sit back and know I just soured everyones moods :) SUCCESS BECAUSE FUCK YOU ALL
To all you sad hurting people tonight. Posting on YikYak might get you attention and love and advice but you really need to TALK to someone. Pathways or Lauderdale is where you can start! 💗💕💗💕
when you turn your phone brightness to the lowest setting before bed but it's still way too bright😣
Sometimes I feel like unhappy is my default setting. 
I'm always horny at this school
How can I make my bmi account for really big boobs?
What if yik yak takes over someday and they only give us as much money as our yakarma
I'm such a klepto when I'm drunk 
When you're already in bed but realize you will not fall asleep until you get up and pee...
I'm breaking the news now boys us girls are full time horny too.
My insomnia will be the death of me. 
I just want someone to have sex with when I want but I'm attracted to douchebags who won't even commit to that 
When U lose your boyfriends trust <<<<<
'It just felt so good the first time I did it but I felt so ashamed.' 'Masturbation is perfectly normal.' 'No I meant the first time I skinned a cat.'
I hate when people step on your coat in class like ugh did it do anything to you :/
'Ugh I need more blankets.' I say as I sleep naked
I want this girl so fucking bad. She's so beautiful idk what to do
My boobs hurt 🙍
I feel like a lot of people confuse yik yak and Google.
I've been self medicating for so long that when something goes wrong I just want to be drunk and high af. I don't know how to deal with how I feel. #currentlycryingmyselftosleep 
Kinda just want someone I can release all my feelings and emotions to
Netflix and hot chocolate: solution to a Geneseo snowstorm. 
Insomnia
If I would have got out of bed when I was suppose to my workout would be half way over by now.
Geneseo students are so loving and supportive when I see yaks about therapy and break ups. Then I see yaks about DK and RLK and I'm like well at least we CAN be supportive 
Struggling hard to stay awake in this class 😒😔😞😴
Chaos in Kang-land 
Haven't done any work yesterday or today and feel like a piece of shit as the result 
snow so white it's got pitch perfect playing on a loop 
When you come home and your cat gives you the 'I'm disappointed in you' look 
Signing off see y'all on Thursday xoxo
Am I the only girl who's never been able to get off with a guy before? 
When you want to call a cutie out on geneseo crushes but you refrain bc it'll boost their already-huge ego
When you feel so sick that you actually look like those people from the NyQuil commercials
I enjoy college. However I feel as though for the majority of majors four years is excessive and pointless. Business Majors do not need to be in school for extra time to take HUM I &HUM II...
You know you hang out with someone too much when your periods sync up
Add two more stir fry stations where World Kitchen is currently make everyone happy twice as fast.
You know you like someone when you feel like saying 'at least friend zone me!'
21 and fun today
Winter keeps people so covered up I was turned on by a girl's forearms today
Done with classes back in pajamas I shall go
When your professor pops a joke and NOBODY laughs.
Anyone know where to buy a labcoat?
People who pretend to not care about anything are usually the most sensitive
Dear OITNB When you said '2015' I thought you meant January not June. Sincerely Not Impressed
To the girl here telling those that didn't get invited back to rush again: This is my 3rd time rushing and my 3rd rejection and now I just feel like a shitty inadequate person and hate myself.
I know we're just fwb but I don't want him hooking up with anyone else 
The amount of incredibly attractive girls in the library is astonishing. Only seeing the girls in Greek life clouds what geneseo is actually like
Anyone know when the new degree evaluation will be available?
Walked to class won a gold medal in figuring skating
I might not be hungry but I would like to spend time with you and break bread so please don't be on your phone the whole time
Haps b-day you rando. 
Greek life is a supposition of bourgeois values onto the already dubious self-worth of the misguided. 
About to take my second nap of the day. Starting to question my life choices. 
Everyday is a struggle to decide when where and if I should poop. 
I wish bidets were a thing in America too. 
Who is Kang? Or what is Kang?
Damn. I should start fucking non-Greek girls more often. 
'Fact. Bears eat beets. Bear. Beets. Battlestar Galactica.'
witnessing other people have awkward social interactions makes me feel better about my own social anxiety
What did the deer say when he left the gay bar?   'I can't believe I blew fifty bucks back there!' 
If something makes you happy then fuck what everyone else thinks. #youdoyou
When I graduate the bear will dance
Anal leakage! 
The amount of sarcasm gone undetected on yikyak says a lot about how intelligent we here are 
I swore off LDRs last summer. Now I'm falling for a girl 4 hours away. FUCKITY FUCK.
The tater tots at upstairs letch tonight are the best things you will eat at this school
People are scared of death but everytime I wake up I become pissed that I am conscious. Everlasting unconsciousness sounds pretty awesome. No more suffering ever again
I want pizza but I'm fat and am trying to lose weight 😔
When you haven't smoked in a while and take way to big a hit and get in over your head
chowhound open tn?
People who smile at you when you make eye contact with them are my favorite kind of people 
Decided I'm not gonna join a sorority. Didnt like how rushing felt like trying out for a personality contest and competing for something as natural as friendship. No hate for Greeks just not my thing
the plow in ambassador just pushed the snow so it's impossible to get my car out
Any CAS workers know what makes the rice at Fusion so damn spicy?
NETFLIX ISNT WORKING WHAT DO I DO WITH LIFE
Who's the blonde boy that was just at Noyes? 
I'm feelin myself feelin myself (fucking up this semester)
#YikYakkid at letch👌👍😂
Think back to all the women on the titanic who skipped dessert the night it sank. And for what?
I'd say fuck the weather but it's under 18
When you order at Southside and just by seeing the person behind the counter react to your order you know you are probably about to experience  the worst wrap of your life
I AM SO VERY HAPPY. YOU ALL SHOULD BE SO VERY HAPPY. THIS IS AN ORDER. 
I 💗 NyQuil
just realized that I probably did not guess the weight of the pumpkin in the union correctly 
Current mood: blue stool in union computer lab
Thank the Lord Letch brought the old ice cream cones back 
Porn doesn't do it for me anymore.
When the cas hits 
PSA: Netflix is back. I repeat NETFLIX IS BACK
Having a vaporizer is beautiful. Increased my standard of living by so much
The intersection of time I spend on yik yak and on the toilet is 98%
This campus needs a ski lift
Just spent the past 24 hours without smoking weed for the first time in like a year and my head feels so much clearer. I guess there is a point where too much weed becomes bad for you
Sometimes I wish I pledged so I could go to the parties but then I remember pledging sucks and ain't nobody got time for that. 
PSA: There's a rogue yak wandering around campus 
Geneseo ranks 30th in drug arrests per capita in the United States
Guys with eating disorders? I want to know I'm not the only one. 
That awkward moment when you say hi and wave to someone with a big smile thinking that it's someone you know to figure out it's someone completely different...It's a sugn
I think we've all had that awkward moment where one person is entering somewhere and your leaving and no one knows who should hold the door and you stand there and look at each other and time stops 
The best way to describe resuming school spring semester is like when he goes to hit it doggy style and gets it in the wrong hole
Not impressed with anchorman 2
Good place to get a tattoo around here? 
Any one else feel absolutely exhausted all the time? I could fall asleep at any moment and my workload is huge 
Hmmm now to find a gf before Valentine's Day...
When the Ontario washers soak your clothes that you have to run them through the dryer like 3 times. :|
Saturday is bids; who's ready ?
I think I may be getting my period. I say as I cry and finish an entire box of cereal
I hear my roommate giggling after sex and it's freaking me out. (My roommate's a guy) 
Crying in your room alone >> 
How do I know where the chow hound is at all times? And don't say twitter bc the shit hasn't tweeted since July 2013 
students at cortland are struggling to finish their macaroni projects.
I don't fuck with you!
As nice as it is to get a geneseo crush it would be much nicer to find out in person! Tell 'em how you feel life's too short :) 
When you love someone so much you forget they haven't been a part of your life forever
Stoned alone... again..
Seriously though what is a Kang? Is it a dog toy?
Why don't professional frats have their rush at the same time as socials? Kinda weird isn't it?
the reason I love weed is cause it makes folding laundry entertaining 
My boyfriend wanted to try text dumping me so I told him to sleep on it and I'll call him tomorrow. Good call or bad?
Frat guy so Greek he killed his dad and had sex with his mom 
Prayers go out to people who died in train crash in westchester NY
If I ignore my laundry for long enough then it'll just fold itself right? 
Asiago bagels are heaven on earth. 
Nothing like a double quarter pounder meal and a mass gainer shake to remind myself that I am a fucking Viking.
Spilling a full beer you paid for is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon 
Those Tetris tater tots are the fucking MVP of every meal.
A good set of boobies to hold on to would really improve my quality of life.
Nothing is better than someone saying they like you back 
Thankful that I live off campus this year and therefore do not have to hear bid week 
when are date parties??
when my boyfriend told me to stop impersonating a flamingo I had to put my foot down.
When did our yak game get so weak? 
On a Tuesday 
I wanna order u hots but I'm embarrassed  to order delivery this late 
Train crash in westchester. Prayers going out to everyone with commuter relatives. 
whenever freshman worry about how expensive food is on this campus i laugh. they don't realize how much money they have. 
I love watching new CAS employees learn the ways and realize how awful it really is 
Really want to go to any date party go through the experience..but all my friends in sororities have boyfriends or a fuckbuddy. Guess that's life folks.
I've already missed 3 of my classes 
looking for a tutor on February 14th around 6-10pm??
I want to have my first random hookup this weekend
The glow pt. 2
Every time a guy will ask 'what organization are you in?' I reply with 'I'm not in one.'And he looks at me like I have 5 heads and walks away. Guess frat guys can't like non sorority girls huh?
When it's the night before your most stressful/never ending day and you can't fall asleep because you know how horrible it will be 
When the girl you like says your like a brother to her. Get me more alcohol! We will drown these feelings!
Poop
Nooo I said the word 'word' too many times in a row and now it's not a word. Help my word is falling apart! #brainsareweird
Who wants to build a snow dick
I ❤️ ΚΣ
I love shaving my legs and crawling into bed. The feeling of my sheets against my legs is magic. 
I've been watching Friends on Netflix all day...I really need to get laid. 
Scrolling down geneseo crushes and accidentally liking a post about someone you don't know 🙀
if you don't complain about someone stealing your seat in class are you even a college student? 
Geneseo... The place of awkward stares and white people. 
Eating some Trix and still pissed about how they are just all color balls now. 
Whoever the fuck is playing bagpipe music and slamming doors needs to calm the fuck down. 
Needs a smoking buddy 👫l👭 on North side because my friends live on south side 😰
What's happenings on wads and university??
What happens if you get a bid from both a local and national sorority? I know its rare but WHAT WOULD DO YOU DO?? 
Roomate: can I hit that. Me: you don't smoke. Roomate: can't sleep *rips bong and drifts away*
Frat guy so Greek he and 299 of his friends beat the shit out of some Persians at Thermopylae pass 
That moment you realize you need to get out of bed to get something/do something you forgot to do. I'M SO COMFORTABLE. 
Whos still doing homework D:
My prayers to the victims of the train crash in Valhalla. Such a tragedy.
when your roommate disrespectful as fuck slamming drawers and shit while you tryin to sleep
I need friends.... no way am I going the rest of my freshman year with like 2 friends that I barely talk to and no way in hell am I being by myself without firneds for 3 1/2 years
Bids weekend aka best weekend of the year 
I love reminiscing with friends
Roommate being real sketchy rn
Fuuuuuck being alone. It sucks. I just want her back
Frat boy so Greek he climbed up a horses ass and set the surrounding town on fire.
Broomball is my only excuse to be a gym class hero in college.
My roommate is sick I feel so bad for him he look/sounds terrible 😰😷
Am I the only college kid that sings Disney songs on a regular basis?
Why is APO getting so much hate?  It really isn't bad!  
Those 8:30 classes got me soooo fucking tired 
I'm pretty sure my roommate is the loudest breather in the world. 
If I had known that Geneseo Confessions would be inactive by my sophomore year I would have chosen Binghamton 
Sometimes you swallow a pill dry and it feels like it's stuck in your throat 
I have 3 chapsticks can't find any of them  
Frat guy so Greek he had to walk up the hill only to come back down and have to climb it again tomorrow 
my roommate is hot af
My roommate is breathing so loudly and making random noises it makes me want to cover her face with a pillow
When someone slaps over the death cup that's when you know it's gotten out of hand 
If all the drunk sluts could stop yelling outside of my window that would be great
3 hours after doing my nails and still refuse to touch anything normal
I'm jealous of the people who have the balls to disappoint their family. Everything I want to do would piss them off so much. 
Am I the only one who sees a Lokai bracelet and thinks it looks like anal beads? 
Nothing like a group of rich straight white males telling women and minorities how offended they should be by everything.
Oh hey there's a slight knot in my earbuds. Let me just quickly...wait how did that happen? What if I- no that made it worse. *three hours later* well they're SLIGHTLY better now. 
Shout out to Notebook tech for just being retarded and over charging.....I fucking hate you
My ex boyfriend failed out of college and is now trying to start his environmentally conscious rap career. You could be doing a lot worse.
I did not get an email about burrowing in the snow so I'm gonna assume it's not only safe but highly encouraged. 
With all these snow piles we're going to see snow all semester...
Snow so yellow a dog must have peed on it 
I just watched a Hot Pockets commercial and now I'm aroused and confused and afraid
You sure it's people burrowing and not just the squirrels? 
Snow so white it politely cooperates with the police
It really doesn't matter who the person is and how 'close' I am to them having to be alone with them and sustain a continuous conversation makes me unbelievably nervous 
3rd day of eating as healthy as possible and I feel so good 
What song played at 2:20 out of the sturges tower?
'did you guys hear about the Geneseo student who died from the snow?' 'you mean cocaine?' 'no literally burrowing in the snow' 
Up if you're depressed wanna know I'm not the only one 
Everything my housemates do annoys me. 
Put my Naked juice on my desk. Came back and it has ice in it. Yet maintenance says the heat is on -_-
Is there anyone else who spends like $100 on groceries a week bc of an allergy? I'm so sick of it being expensive.
Snow so white it got my son addicted to chewing tobacco 
Snow so white. Oh wait snow has always been white. Enough!!
my face is red from unprotected winter course 
Kappas use chasers
Do girls like a hairy chest or nah?
it took me 21 years to realize that 'be there or be square' is because you're not around
At this point I think I would rather have no friends than be miserable with my current friends
Leave the singing to the professionals buddy
Nothing frustrates me more than going off in a secluded room to actually get work done only to be followed by friends who will not shut the fuck up. I love you but please leave me the hell alone
Snow so white teacher never mispronounces its name 
Snow so white it has its own drinking fountain 
Snow so white people don't screen it for Ebola.
Up if you don't like these snow so white posts
Drink.... Is not allowed on yik yak because yik yak thinks only black people drink it. Racist yik yak racist 
If I don't learn how to cook meth by the end of Gen Chem 2 then whats the point
I hate when I'm pooping and the water splashes up and hits my butt
Does Geneseo force you out of your dorm during spring break or can you stay for the week? 
Snow so white store owners don't follow it around in a store to make sure it's not stealing.
Frat guy so Greek he sacrifices to Dionysus before a party
Remember if someone does not reply to your snapchat it doesn't mean they hate you. It will be alright.
I really want a valentine 😞
I can eat a whole chicken wing in less than 3 seconds.. Be impressed. 
The moment when you up a horrible yak just so more people can see the most amazing comment
'fuck school' I say as I do my homework and aim for a 4.0 gpa
Snow so white it makes up 90% of Geneseo
shoutout to the girl with the face walking in the building 😍👅💦❤️🔥
physically in college spiritually a dropout
Trying to check your snaps but the camera is facing the wrong way and you see yourself.
Currently eating yogurt with a fork because my spoons are dirty and I'm too lazy to do dishes....
This whole snow thing is getting real old real fast
My friend doesn't put milk in his cereal wut. 
 i hate when my dick gets caught in the hot sauce jar
Why are fat asses a good thing? Quite frankly I don't find them attractive. Tight and perky is the way to go
Growing up all I wanted was to be a dragon I guess I'll have to settle for puking fireball this weekend 
How come I spend one night at my friend's school and get hit on by 7 guys but I haven't gotten even so much as a glance from guys here??
Snow so white it posts self- deprecating racial jokes on Yik Yik
I dunno when but I'm just gonna end it one day. I have a happy life but I can't stand living in this horrible world. So many people are fated to endure horrible tortures and I could be one of then.
Could you imagine if rain wasn't in little drops and just a huge glob of water falls as a cloud explodes? 🚬
I haven't hated a class as much as I hate Humn 2 since I took humn 1.
Why is humanities so bad? I'm freshman jw. 
Snow so white it literally can't even. 
Snow so white the TSA thanks it with a smile as it strolls through customs.
Some boys just have bad aim. Bathroom was cleaned today and it already has piss marks all over the toilet. 
Mono crisis hits campus
I've been rejected from every extra curricular you can be... I really hope I get a bid 
Torn between wanting saturday to come right now or to wish it wasn't coming so fast. #bids 
Nerds are gonna save this world.
Social Justice will be a course in the near future. People will pay money to learn what tumblr will scream for free.
This campus has become too PC for its own good 
#comeasyouarent 
'Doesn't blackball'
Sorry
How does one drop out of AKPsi?
dreading my 8 am humn II class tomorrow..
Sleeping with freshly shaved legs is almost as good as sleeping with a guy
Alright everyone lets show Geneseo what we're made of and go burrow the shit out of some snow banks 
I hope you step on a Lego
It's a shame when I took the time to shave for nothing 🔫
Why be offensive tho?
Idk how people join sororities that literally expect you to audition. It seems like a lot for friends.
What's the song that goes na na na na na na na na na na na na na
I would rather be given garlic bread than chocolate on Valentine's Day.
Sometimes I just want to play in the snow okay? 
I'm done shedding tears for a boy that hardly cares /:
#MudcatNation if you just witnessed that you know what we are talking about
Wow according to what time my roommate goes to bed it must really be tiring doing nothing all day
I really want this pretty lesbian on campus to message me on fb(I'm a lesbian). If you're a lesbian message your lesbian fb friends because it might be me
In love
#MudcatNation #D2
Trust no hoe All they want is bank roll
Boys if a girl shaved above the knee for you then don't leave them hanging. 
Porn is different after having someone to sex all the time
Who was working tech issues in Milne tonight till 11 she was gorgeous 
Lin the mood to go down on a girl rn 
I'm so broke and/or frugal that I'm extremely excited about getting $1.24 with the Walmart savings catcher.
Got drunk and tried to cook. Burned my finger pretty badly but I ate well
Is it at all possible to get a single room in a dorm w/o a medical reason?
Alright fess up who got buried in a snow pile
Only 2 more nights till making out with strangers at the stizz 💁
Get two birds stoned at once 
Sometimes I suspect my roommate is planning to leave me...actually would be good for both of us we don't really like each other
Oreos for dinner #college 
No classes tomorrow wish I had someone to cuddle and watch Netflix with 
You're attractive I'm attractive let's get together and do some unattractive things. 👉👌
Booty booty booty booty rockin everywhere
 If a guy tells me I'm very attractive and I say yeah I know is that being too confident ?
Is theatre cancelled tmrw?
Upvote if you've never had a valentine. I want to see if I'm alone in this
All out of peanuts guess I'll have to take up heroin
I think it's time that my roommate and I got a divorce... 
I wonder If my roommate can tell I masturbate under the covers. 
Sleeping butt naked> 
I really don't like crying but tears just fall anyway. I wish I can control this weakness of mine. It's so stupid. (As am I).
Is it a problem that I'm 18 and have ne'er made out with someone sober? Scared I'm gonna suck sober
Where all ma lgbtq+ peeps out there that have no lgbtq+ friends out there? Up this  
I'm in love with the coco 
I accomplished absolutely nothing today
I want to play rugby or crew but I'm scared. I'm that guy who has never played a sport in his life.
I'm not horny until I get on yik yak and see the onslaught of horny wrecks. You guys are bad influences 
Random question: do you feel like you're living your 'college experience'?
I am the literal definition of a walking hornball but I HATE having sex.
I'm gonna put this essay in my vagina when I'm done writing it
What makes people thinks it's okay to sing 2am-8am?
Would the real gentlemen please stand up
I'm a virgin. Never had my first kiss or the popping of the cherry.
I'm wearing three pairs of fuzzy thick socks and my feet are still cold 
I've forgotten what sleep is like
I hate going to sleep alone
Fear not the path that leads you up hill but the path that takes you back down when it has snowed and its slushy and no one has plowed the sidewalks. 
You know you're getting old when you start agreeing with the parents in kids movies. 
I kinda wish our hookups meant something more to you.
I can't sleep
I just want to meet a nice chill girl who is equally emotionally unavailable as I am and they just wanted to fuck and cuddle. A boy can dream...
It seems like I hate sleeping when I should and I love sleeping when I shouldn't.
Yo girl are you a jelly fish? Cuz you look beautiful but my understanding of you is rudimentary at best and I'm afraid to go near you 
Ask someone out on a date. Do it I dare you.
Describe your sex life with a spongebob quote
So torn... Do I ask a Wegmans sub to be my valentines date or a garbage plate?? 
Someone stole my ice scraper. Times are tough man. 
I thought boys grow up in college.... Nope 
So where are the cool cats hanging out smoking marijuana? I would be down to hang with some kool katz. If anyone has a number of a dealer report it to authorities... I mean me your friend
Girl in the Cuse shirt in warner's 1pm geology class is fine as hell
I thank god my favorite foods are the easiest to make #spaghetti
Someone dropped their skinny black glove with what looks like a like spider web design on the palms and inside fingers. It is on the windowsill in the mini hallway between Fraser and Sturges
Well Valentine's Day is coming up and I'm single. Discount chocolate here I come! 
take a shot for every tbt bids picture you see today
Strang's sub > strang
I don't wanna leave my blanket I don't wanna! Don't make me !
Who's a good drug dealer?
Some random guy was really high last night. He passed by a coca-cola vending machine then turned to me and goes 'Holy shit dude since when have we had a Redbox on campus??'
Seeing how the IB is gone and the Statesmen is shit I'd say we need to bring back Just Dance
Having a boyfriend who visits from a different school is hard on the meal plan
Global social change almost killed me due to bordem today 
if you haven't posted a TBT to your own bids weekend on Instagram in honor of this weekend are you even really in a sorority?
Some people have resting happy face or resting bitch face. I have resting psychopath face. 
My professor is wearing timbs today and this class just became my favorite one. 
Asshole with the Porsche suv parked in the crosswalk by the townhouses: that's not a spot move your car. 
My Kang senses are tingling 
Ladies get it under control. Not everyone can poop in the ISC bathroom
Yik yak will be my legacy. 
Can't get this formaldehyde smell off of me.... I'm so sorry for those who are near me
Fuck you to the people who cross right in front of oncoming traffic and act like its no big deal. 
Kang ain't playing around
Next time: art class with Kang 
motion to get a vending machine near the gym with water muscle milk Gatorade and stuff like that 
Getting the first crown in trivia crack is extremely important to establishing dominance over your friends.
Fondling my boobs cause they're sore from my period's soon arrival 
Ladies used to squat to give birth to their babies. But now we do it for the possibility of sex 
I feel as though I am graduating with no marketable skills....
Buddy. Do you try and see how many SAT words you can fit into a sentence and by sentence I mean a 5 minute long winded speech. 
Will I be told if I do not receive a bid?
The quiet section of Milne always makes me feel like I'm breathing through a megaphone 
Anyone have guitar hero? I've been wanting to play that game all week for some reason...
Any other girls ever spend approx half an hour stalking another girls Instagram cause you want her clothes and makeup and hair and life 
Sometimes I'm super confident but most of the time I have zero confidence
When that one person always tries to take credit for something you said
Talking about eating babies in HUMN nbd
Anyone down to take my v card bc this is getting ridiculous 
omg this emoji 📰 is a news story about this emoji 🌋
Putting pants on to go to office hours <
In search of samsquantch
I do squats everyday like you're supposed but I feel like my butt is getting smaller and not bigger 😒😩
Just want to love somebody
I'm not sure what I hate more the exhaustion before a nap or the exhaustion after one... 
I feel bad for anyone who gets a bid to DK this weekend 
HELP MY ROOM IS SO HOT MY CHOCOLATE IS MELTING 
I have never had an orgasm during sex. No guy has ever given me an orgasm I've only ever gotten off masturbating. I've been having sex for FOUR YEARS. I am so frustrated 😔 am I alone?? 
Just woke up from a 4 hour nap after crying myself to sleep because of how much I hate it here; nobody will talk to me. I feel like I don't belong & I shouldn't have transferred from my other college
My girlfriend pokes and prods me until I agree to have sex with her
PhiDE more like Pretentious Dick-sucking Elitists
Im gonna get hammered tonight!
We're hating on PhiDE now? Come on at least hate on something that has some form of relevance.
My girlfriend can point out my yaks without me telling her. She then screenshots them sends them to me and purposefully down votes them no matter what they say. #FeelingLoved
'if you take my pulse right now it'd feel just like a sledgehammer'....they're talking about while at the gym right??
Anyone in Revekants acct 103 class feeling like they're not learning anything?
Hot guys please apply below 
Okay enough procrastinating. Back to Netflix I go.
It sucks to sleep alone 
Do any guys actually want a relationship 
Really want to make out with the guy from phigs that i made out with last friday night
Does YikYak plan on spilling the blood of the innocent? What is this loading screen right now?
I could teach a class on how to dress warm in the winter without needing to drop ur coat when u walk into a party
I hate feeling alone in a crowd 
Please don't stare at me because I'm trans. I battle with myself every day. I don't need your judgment for being the real me. 
Guys would you have sex with a virgin?
Why do cars act really sketch and just sit in the loading dock 
What's your score in the chapter assessment of Revekants acct 103 class? Both chapter 2 and 3
Just downed my birth control with alcohol. So ready for the weekend to start. 
I wish I could talk to someone who would be honest and wouldn't lie just to make me shut up
I just want a slow warm affectionate kiss and then we fall asleep tangled up in each other :( 
Is it embarrassing to say you met your gf or bf online at our age?
Pls someone hit me up with a dub plsssssss
Your value does not decrease based on someone's inability to see your worth
Really just wanna have sex rn
Who else loves the IB stories from the Econ sub who used to be a bouncer there 
Using icy hot like lotion 
When your best friends fail you 😢
I apologize to the trans/ crossdresing community if you catch me staring at you. I don't consider you weird I am just so fascinated.
called my sister to tell her i'm gay and then she asked me if i knew where she left her keys
I hope that when I have kids of my own that they are not as unreliable and unpredictable as the Geneseo Bus Service
When ya feel a cold coming on Nyquil is your lord and savior 🙌
Soooooo……Anybody else out there into pegging?
Geneseo men suck 
Ik it's been asked but what club/organization is really accepting to new members?  please don't mention anything about Greek life
I'm just looking for a girlfriend who will beat me and 'rape' me during sex. A girl who is dominant just turns me on so much.
Am I the only one who feels like if you don't go out to party join a club or organization or be part of Greek life it's hard to make friends?
This whole Greek thing in stressing me out can't wait til Saturday's over
Franco is the flightless crow
Life
Revekants chapter assessments are bogus.
Looking for a smoking buddy for tomorrow
Showers have come to the point where it's warmer to avoid standing under the water
Franco is the Samwell Tarly of crows.
Honestly what does it take for a girl to get a boyfriend around here?? 
Ladies when you're ready to go but I slow it down by heading downstairs does that throw off your rhythm or are you all for it?
To all the girls that don't masturbate because you think it's weird or girls shouldn't do that: please just play with your clit it is divine. Masturbation is power.
People dont realize that even after youve recovered from an eating disorder and you're eating fine it's still forever a part of you and you feel shitty and unconfident every second of every day
Living off campus is the best because naked sleeping 
Trying to determine if i just fucked up my eyebrows or not
Who else thinks Revekants chapter  assessments are impossible?
So I found out from my best guy friend today that when a guy texts you back 'it's fine' he means it's actually fine. Girls we have to stop over dramatizing everything me included 
What do guys thing about stretch marks... I've had them for years and they won't go away but I can't help but be self conscious
Nootun hawl
Favorite condom? 
I love red lipstick I just wish I had more occasions to wear it 
Is it possible to love someone so much that it hurts?
The reason we struggle with insecurity is because we compare our behind the scenes with everyone else's highlight reel. 
Since when did curvy start being a euphemism for 'fat'? Skinny girls can be curvy too and thicker/heavier girls may not be. We're all into different things 
I'm a guy and I see girls (not even ugly either) who can't get boyfriends and I'm like how is this possible most guys would fuck a three out of ten if they didn't have any other options
Does anyone have good topic ideas for psych 251 research paper?
Am I the only one having trouble with the chapter assessment in Revekant's Acct 103 class?
Wish Geneseo had some sort of speed dating thing. I really want to meet people but don't want to be seen as weird or creepy for approaching them 
But I'm still not ready to be a senior 
It's interesting guys assume all the guys they know masturbate but assume that all the women they know do not masturbate
anybody on here watch Twin Peaks?
When you say hi to someone who you were in a group with last semester and they don't recognize you at all 
smile everybody it is FRIDAY!!! :) 
Is there anything to do besides go to class and watch Netflix?? Fr though
Met a girl today who is so attractive with such a good personality that I would straight up marry her without dating her first
No class tomorrow equals sleep in and beat one off while the Roomates at class
Going to the statesmen for the first time tomorrow who's gonna be there??
Girls with Resting bitch face are so hot! They just look like bad bitches. #myweakness
To the scumbag who just walked down the hallway hocking loogies and spitting - ya'll need Jesus
want the fuck
Passed out during sex. Thirsty Thursday got to me
So...I just texted my crush of 2 and a half years with how I feel thanks to all the support I've gotten before from the yak community... Let's see how it goes! Fingers crossed!! 😨
Watch Baggage on channel 68
So yeah where's the part where a girl any girl shows interest in me? I've been driving down a one-way street for far too long now. 
Can you girls give a single guy tips on how to get a gf?
We gonna need to go back to this.. 📝'Do you like me?' Check one ⭕Like ⭕Maybe ⭕Nahh
It's crazy how happy one person can make you ☺️
Dated this really awesome girl but broke it off because she is going abroad this semester and now I find myself comparing her to every other girl and they just don't live up to my high standards./rant
How do I say no to friends without being sad and guilty about it? 
To the drunk girl who said hi to me on the staircase you were very pretty and I was very awkward so.. Sorry bout that.
I always notice girls glancing at me and I know I'm pretty attractive but I can never muster a smile. How do I correct this and project myself to be friendlier and warmer?
I just want it to be Friday night already
College is suppose to be different from high school but by the second semester everyone already has their cliques and it seems almost impossible to make friends now
I just liked every yak 
Is it weird for a girl to be horny 24/7
You ever pick the wrong friends realize they're terrible friends second semester and now have no friends?
It's 2AM and I want to dance. Happy Friday everyone! #justdance
God you're so fucking cute
I just wished you liked me back and I'm sorry if you don't 
Quiz in music with kimball tomorrow?
Can it just be Saturday already so I know if I got a bid
To the guy who I think was flirting with me Ur hot. Sorry if I came across as not interested 
We talked at the stizz tonight prolly for the longest time we've ever spoken before. I'm in love with you just so you know.
Bring back how I met your mother
The amount of times I've wished for a chipotle to be on campus is getting ridiculous 
Wind is fucking insane 
The 3 most popular yaks are taken from tumblr and other internet sources. Geneseo don't you know plagiarism is against policy?
Diagonally cut sandwiches taste better trust me I'm a scientist 
Getting a C on your test is the same feeling that DiCaprio feels at every oscars ceremony 
How many dead babies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Obviously not 8 because my basement is still dark.
Once upon a time there was a very strong breeze. Someone said 'dat wind doe' and that's how the window was named 
I feel like I'm the only fat one here
If my train of thought gets interrupted one more time by the fucking church bells in this town I'm going to blow my brains out
Looking for a reason a reason to stay
Why do women love boiling hot showers? Because it reminds them of hell where they're from
Am I the only one who regrets their hookup last night? Fuuuuuck
Why is the loading yak background like blood red?
You can see the different majors just by the way they dress. Anthropology majors like eclectic dress. Geology majors don't like to shave. Business majors like to dress up. 
Have to go to the health center for the flu. Hope they don't put a cast on my arm 
Quit taking selfies in humn. Can't you go more than an hour without looking at yourself?
It'd be nice if I can shower once without having to scream when the water changes to boiling hot
If you go outta your way to call shotgun every time then you're an od fuckboi
Ahhhhhhchiiiiiwayyyyyyyaaaaaa! Bababachiiichiiiwawooooo! 
RLKs hate yoga pants because they make men happy
What do guys think of girls who have never had a boyfriend? 
There is a whole list of undesirable things I would rather do than go to lab right now 
Whenever someone does a (: smiley face I get confused and tilt my head. It's upside down. Stahhhp. 
Wearing my gloves while I take notes in class. 
Professor just said 'raping is the key thing
My girlfriend said I'm immature... Well guess who's not getting their nose back now
🌺 35 Days till Spring Break y'all 🌺
I'm supposed to be watching the office but instead I'm procrastinating on YikYak....I might be broken 
Muench sure loves her case studies...
IF THE DOOR DOESNT USUALLY WORK DONT USE IT. Don't keep tugging on it and making a huge racket. People live here you twat. 
Burritos from southside are always disappointing 
There is no one I love more than Don Kot
Ever just stop and think so this is what my life has become? Happened today when I used my jeans to clean up spilled coffee and wore those same jeans to class today.
Kind of slightly in love with a girl who I'm pretty sure has a boyfriend but it's cool
That feeling when you hit the pillow for an afternoon nap after class 👌
This has happened to me every semester now. I leave home and everyday something reminds me of my family and how much they have done for me. Sometimes it really is the little things.
This generation and the ones that have yet to come are going to be such pussies. Everyone gets offended so damn easily these days
If you go to guitar club and meet me I can give you free private lessons anytime.
I really wish people would offer me free drugs as often as DARE said they would 
Constantly wondering if people can hear me panting while I walk uphill
It's true..the tendency to eat more when you're alone 
With Strang gone I'm actually psyched for microecon. We've learned so much more with the sub 
Could you please take a shower?  You smell worse than you did yesterday...and the day before that.
Brush your teeth...please.
I have to shit so bad but my housemate is in the shower
Geneseo is such an amazing place. :) I love that a random student is nice enough to help me shovel out my car 
I like to take long hot showers so I can practice burning in hell
The basement of Sturges should definitely be a library
Guys the yak of YikYak plans to spill the blood of the innocent he's already off to a good start judging by the pull down loading screen 
Being in an LDR and extremely horny is the struggle 
I hate having a roommate 
I'm pretty sure my roommate hates me...
Anyone use the personal trainer at the gym? Are they good?
Never tell yourself you're not good enough just because some guy or girl doesn't like you. If it's meant to be it will happen in the mean time just keep doing you.
The best part of my day was when the wind-induced tear-sicles melted off of my face
Realized today that I've been telling people I have my G.E.D. When in fact it's actually a high school diploma. Not the same thing
Hate that I'm crying over not getting a bid from a national sorority. 
You just have to accept that no matter what you do there is a 12 year-old in China who is better than you at math.
My best friends from high school are visiting Saturday and I am going to get them both laid. They are guys HOWEVER I will make them so drunk they will sleep with any girl or guy...any takers???
Green sweatshirt boy working in the mailroom right now can get it 
Quick thought... When orphans go to watch movies what happens when it's rated 'PG'? 
Nice guys do finish last. We make sure the girl finishes first multiple times 😉
Every girl at Geneseo has perfected the art of holding a drink in one hand and a phone in the other 
That awkward moment when you find out the guy you like in crows is gay😔
kief sandwich after class 😙💨
Pizzaaaaaaaa
if you are sad about being alone in Valentine's Day remember you are alone every other day of the year
Is there anything worse than wet socks?
those awkward moments when you're walking and don't move because you think the person in front of you will move but they don't and you get a unexpected kiss
Growing up sucks. People aren't nearly as eager to know what my favorite dinosaur is. It's a fucking gorgosaurus. You don't care
Fucked a girl off tinder today 👍👍👍
Everything tastes better in triangles. EVERYTHING.
How many people got denied from national sororities?? I think I'm the only one 😑😣😣
Anyone who doesn't eat pizza crusts is weak  and natural selection is coming for you.
Even though geneseo is constantly freezing every water fountain I use is somehow warm. What the fuck 
I want fruit by the foot so bad and for the life of me I couldn't find it in wegmans 
I don't do hook ups because I know what meaningful sex with a person you love is like and nothing can beat that
Not getting a bid is the worst feeling in the world
Calculus? More like CalCLUEless amiright? Hahaha hahaha I have no friends...
How do guys hear back from nationals and or locals about if they got a bid or not - a curious rush 
Turning on the shower to the perfect temp first try #whatdreamsaremadeof
Do you hear from a frat if you don't get a bid?
When a cute boy walks you to class and you're trying to hide how out of breath you are 
Sig noodle 
God hearing about people getting rejected from things makes me hyperventilate and cringe. Oddly enough I don't have a particular fear of rejection myself. I think something might be wrong with me
Did anyone else get the call from sdt? 😔
it is lame to be a guy that is only 5'6 like me
I desperately need a ride to and fro rochester on tuesday afternoon ill pay someone 
All clothes are reversible if you don't give a fuck
I hate you I hate you I hate you
God damn I love cartoons
Anybody want a hamster?
Been here all four years and this sunset still never gets old
In accordance with Title IX I will now be accepting applications for a boys-only Sorority.
After learning that sperm moved around under a microscope I jerked off onto a slide for the kids microscope I had at home and checked it out. 
ALERT: chow hound is closed because of the cold. You may all go back to whatever it was you were doing. Good night. -chow hound guy
What's a guy have to do to take a cute young lady on a date 
For anyone else that's having trouble making friends... I'm turning on a movie in daga's lounge. If you knock at the front door. I'll let you in. Let's be friends☺️
Sexual assault is not a joke. If you want to say 'look at the way she's dressed' or 'she was asking for it' then shame on you. Some of us have dealt with a lot and deserve support!
That awkward moment when you see your step father on to catch a predator
DRUNK IN LOVEEE (with pancakes) 
When you wanna DM someone but don't wanna be a sketch<
Suite party in A1C genesee hall everyone who's lonely tonight please stop by
Anyone in the meadows wanna chill 
Signoodle 
I love you rhubarb 
But sometimes she doesn't leave me alone... Sticks to me like glue-bab
Lions tigers and bears! What a day I had at the zoo-bab
The pill maybe  $50 but a kid is priceless
Omg I'm so excited for my little to know who I am tomorrow night. Happy Greek Christmas to everyone and if you don't celebrate have an amazing day
Everyone knows the best part of Valentines day is the next day when chocolate goes on sale. 
This is the 21st Valentine's Day I will spend alone I'm starting to lose hope I will ever find anyone. Some people just aren't meant to have anyone
Does anyone else's face feel windburned by the end of the day? 
Girls how would you feel if a guy asked you out on Valentine's day
Person in Wyoming playing the bongos all the time...take a break for awhile so I can sleep?
Geneseo....good time....
Finally telling the parents about my boyfriend this valentines day(I'm a guy). Wish me luck!
This is my first sober night since I got here... And I'm gonna try keep it this way. Thanks everyone that supported me! 😇
Don't worry everyone I'm a cop and I used to smoke pot when I was a kid too
Sticks and stones may break my bones but DK will never hurt me
Finally telling my parents about my vagina... I used to be a guy. Wish me luck!!😅😆😋
I just want to tell everyone to live up to their greatest dreams. I used to play soccer but now I work at the Highschool here! Anything possible ❤️💖💞💘
Blue wave can stop writing each other geneseo crushes now. #pathetic 
Go Greek they said. It'll be fun they said.  Stress for two straight weeks just to not get a bid. Cool. 
Wish I could lock my roommate out sometimes 
Sororities suck 
How much vaginal secretion could the whole world's population of women produce?
Am I the only one wishing the people selling hotdogs would go away forever? 
It started out with a kiss how did it end up like this?
Can somebody that I find attractive like me back for once?? 
Hey girls! Don't forget your birth control tonight! 💊
I hate people
How do people know they didn't get a bid ?
#36 CRAZY TAXI
I think I have bipolar disorder and I'm terrified 
You're all getting bids! Everyone is cool regardless of their affiliation don't let anything define you. And if you hate Greek life that's totally awesome too but don't hate on people who like it! 
Nothing worse than walking home alone
I just wanna say if anyone is feeling like they don't matter tonight or that the world would be better without them you are wrong. You have so much to contribute to the world. Please stay! ⭐️🌻💛
So trashy but I would love some passionate rough sex right about now. Need a mannn
I think I like girls... And I'm a girl. 
I am a girl and I have a major crush on a girl
Sometimes I'm about to give up then I see something beautiful that reminds me why I even tried in the first place. 
Who sells some loud on campus? 
You look twice as good as anyone I've ever met. 
I just want to meet a girl not at the statesmen and have a conversation and develop feelings. 
Not sure if my standards are too high or if everyone else's standards are too high but I'm always going home alone 
But Avril Lavigne tho😍
PIZZA!!!!!!!!
Can teams post what time they are in the gym tomorrow 
One of my housemates drank my juice boxes and I hope they read this and fears for their life because I'm ready to hit you 
Are there any guys out there who actually want a lasting relationship and not just an easy fuck or are they really just a myth? Scorned female needing to vent here.
I'm too cool for this shit
'You must make a decision that you are going to move on. It wont happen automatically....'   How do you get over someone that you deeply care about? :-/
Needa slampig tonight
Lezbihonest
Everything is good for once. It's time for me to appreciate it until it's gone 
FUCK
I wish you put more effort into our friendship :/
Being gay is your sexual orientation yet people insist on making it their social identity. You can be gay and not have to act gay. I'm sorry the stereotype needs to vanish. 
I don't want any sympathy or whatever but I just need to say that I legitimately hate myself
So no one told ya life was gonna be this way
So excited to not have to set an alarm tomorrow because RLK is gonna wake the entire campus up no charge!
Met her last Saturday. She's cool smart easy to talk to and weird in a similar way to myself.  Only problem is ...she's fucking some other dude. Damn.
Kissing girls
Kissing boys
I'm a virgin and always called a whore. I just don't understand. 
Thots at wads 
On the bright side no bid = better grades
Is it weird that I've jacked off with my roomate in the room?
need bud?
Who da fuck vacuums at 2:12 in the morning??  Really now?
Anyone wanna chill on Southside 
I think the guy I like is falling for one of my friends. I think she likes him too. 
That moment when you finally get a date with the girl you've been dreaming about #lovingtonight
When you're out with someone new and you run into your ex by accident.....
Let's make the bed rock girl
RLK is on the prowl for dick. Watch out all 
Poll: What are girls' initial reaction of guys actually dancing as opposed to just looking to grind on someone?
I'm going to die alone :'(
I love weed haha
Im in a weird phase between buzzed and drunk? Like I'm acting full-out drunk but i feel buzzed
I'm so glad the statesmen plays Spanish music now #gracias
Never been laid. 
I'm drunk and I love reading other drunk yaks 
The stizz open tomorrow. I missed tonight on the account of being drunk 
Bid. Bid bid 
Got drunk and accidentally started texting my ex instead of my current gf ooooops
Not having sex is ok. Be proud to value your body enough to wait for the special someone instead of throwing yourself away drunk or just wanting it.
How about that freshman 15
If you get a bid prepare for the hardest semester yet
Ex gf just told me shes engaged. #bulletdodged
I hope she was worth losing me 
sexiled af
To those who didn't get bids; I'm not part of Greek but I can understand why it sucks. Yea it hurts now but you'll be okay. No matter what the reasoning/circumstances were people here love you. 
When all the parts of your breakfast come together seamlessly 
What's the point to having a fuck buddy if they never want to have sex...
so what happens now thy bidding is done?
Heard some frat boys talking this morning about waiting for one of their brothers to give out bids as intensely as if they were on the front lines in Vietnam...it's not that serious bro
So I'm guessing I should avoid starbucks because its bid day
Is bids actually done? 
Number 1
Sororities all the talk around my building. CAUSE THEY WOKE EVERYONE THE FUCK UP THIS MORNING 
1 2 3 4 How many Sororities girls are in my building. I know your screaming  
So happy I slept through bids... I slept soundly and didn't hear a word despite a girl who got a bid across the hall. #proudtobesleepinglikearock
I have very important things to do today including but not limited to 'nothing'
Not getting a bid just makes it easier to transfer now. Makes life choices easier for me. 
If you didn't get a bid try not to be upset. I didn't get a bid last semester and later realized I'm glad I didn't. Now I have a bid from a sorority I love. Everything happens for a reason.
Thought geneseo was experiencing an earthquake last night...Turns out it was just my housemate having crazy monkey sex...and I got sea sick
No matter the letter we're all Greek together!
No bid. How to explain this
I got a bid from Ago can't wait for them to throw up on me during pledging!
Sick of being sick as fuck😷 when will this hell end!!!
All my friends are in something and Im not yay I feel great 
Last night had the weirdest fucking crowd at the bars 
I know for people who aren't in Greek life it's annoying to keep hearing about it but try to respect that it means a lot to some people whether they're upset they didn't get in or excited they did
To the guy I kept making eye contact with at the Idle Hour last night yes I was checking you out.  You're either okay with that or now you know how girls feel every fucking night. Either way...
I feel as if the addition of yik yak has just made bids morning even worse...
new drinking game: take a shot for every chapter you're already behind in reading in each one of your classes 
Non-Greek post here! Get your Greek free post over here!
When there is a short line at fusion>>>>
Love moldy apples from CAS <3
Is it bad to turn down a bid? 
Does anyone else keep their bathing suit tan lines all year round?
I honestly didn't know rejection from a bunch of girls could hurt so bad. #straightgirlproblems
How do I join APO? I got a bid to a fraternity but I'm not sure about it and want options if I don't take it 
where are all the frats and sororities going today?
Make sure you stock up on carrots these next few weeks before the clios get ahold of all of them.
To the people that didn't get a bid today: at least now you get to keep your self respect and dignity.
Wet dreams are incredible 
why does everyone on main street have red bags 
Got a bid for Westboro Baptist Church!!  
All these sorority girls at the Union and I'm just here because I want a breakfast sandwich
Getting hazed makes me sexually aroused
OMG I got a GDI bid!!!!!!!!
What is this 20beatifulwomen thing that's going on 
Open at crows tn!! Gay boys get in free 
Congratulations you got a bid and I'm excited for you but can we stop yakking about it? 
Open at zbxi
whats going on on main street
It would be really sweet if we could have a project x type of Saturday in Geneseo 
It's bids day here at kellys 
Girls who are in sororities help: Is rushing a sorority a 3rd time pathetic or should I just give up? 
Can you imagine if there was a party where men could go for a free and women had to pay $3? Sexism is such a double standard these days.
And there go my friends getting lost in Greek life and forgetting about me.
Silly NARPS and their bids
i like my men how i like my coffee. strong and black. ☕️
Try to love yourself as much as you want someone else to
I'm about 80% sure I'm going to 'harm' myself before I turn 30
I just can't go to college anymore. The stress is destroying my mental health. I spend roughly 50 percent of the day in extremely violent fantasies
Literally just going to watch Netflix in my room alone all night. I need some friends or a gf or something
Want a girl to cuddle tonight and jut watch a movie or something
Uhghfh some1 slipped some alcohol into my fireball
Let's face it. We're all horny. Why don't we all just have sex with each other? 
Elmo is my fucking favorite muppet. 
ADEs pledge class isn't half bad good job girls
Any hot guys wanna watch Netflix 
All I want to do is play Mass Effect for three days straight. 
I'm bored as fuck
How can you tell if someone blocked you if you both have iPhones? 
I wish you could see that you were making a mistake before you actually made it.
I'm going to build a fort out of snow and capture a ton of squirrels then use them as warriors to expand my kingdom over the college. Then when I rule you all we will take over the entire world
liking someone is a completely terrifying and uncomfortable feeling like why is my heart racing I feel so nervous?? and I'm not even near him or talking to him rn why is this happening¿
No underwear Saturday 
All non greeks to the statesman tonight?
Bad bitches
My purse beer broke and soaked all my tampons. What the fuck do I do.
Walked outside to go buy grapes and some random girl called me a virgin... 
Walked outside saw some kid buying grapes called him a virgin. Classic
Will pay someone $50 to get me a 10 piece nugget from wendy's ... Too drunk to drive
Need someone to smoke with have no weed. Grr
Anybody find or take a wallet that isn't theirs from the gym (upstairs) today between 6 and 8? I'd really like it back
Wegmans is out of carrots. 
It's weird to all of a sudden look at your friends from high school and see them looking more like moms/dads every day
I am in an odd situation I suffer from episodes of very severe paranoia that smoking a cigarette completely puts a stop to. It's very effect but I don't want to make a habit of it.
I want someone to love me. I want to be so in love that he's all I can think about. I want to do cute things together. And just be happy. 
Short girls are sexy
We keep this love in a photograph we make these memories for ourselves where our eyes are never closing hearts are never broken time's forever frozen still
Rihanna should fuck with jazz before she turns 30
Anyone doing anything in Nassau?
DA<3
people still screaming?
All you non-Greeks should go to the statesmen tonight and represent 
I liked a guy here I thought he wanted more than hooking up. I know I did. My fault for letting my guard down
Spending every weekend alone is making me depressed. Fuck this 
Anyone want to chill?
Toooo turntttt
Didn't get a bid to Chobani but Wegmans greek yogurt is better anyways.
Three way party tonight with myself Netflix and chips
Ever get so bored that there is nothing to do but masturbate? Yupp.
I just realized I spend all of last semester and the beginning of this semester trying to make a girl love me back. Well she doesn't and I'm miserable. So fuck it 
But why is it that who we want never wants us and who wants us never seems good enough
Mias is on point tonight 
Honestly just looking for another girl to cuddle with. Any takers?
Who are all these fools.
Pledge night is literally the most dangerous night for us under-agers who just want to walk safely home from square dancing. 
Is there such thing as bipolar depression? Some days I feel okay and can be happy other days I just wish I'd die. I don't know what to do.
Not tryna go to statesmen alone
Freedom non-boner
Those thirsty Arabs
Superbad is a god damn classic 
Shut. The. Fuck. Up. People. 
I just fucked whats-her-name and UOENO
Freedom Boner!
Dear pledges You might be hammered tonight but I'll be blackout for the next 6 weeks.  Have fun! Xoxo gossip squirrel 
Well I've already seen two of my pledge sisters' breasts tonight. It's gonna be a great semester. 
It's gonna be a long night
Uhhyup
Congrats to all the pledges who successfully bought some friends! 
I could show you incredible things
To all pledges have fun cleaning up the houses after the parties the next 6 weeks
Sports over Greek life any day. Better bodies and more team spirit.  No drama <3
🔥🔥🔥
When you see the person you've wanted to see for a long time and you don't say what you want to say.. CLASSSSSICCCC 
My family is perfect *totem pic* xoxoxox LOVE YOU MY PERFECT LITTLE ~Greek life a memoir 
SOS need someone to sleep with 
if you are crying at the statemen you should probably leave and go to bed. 
I think I'm over the guy I've had a crush on for a while and it feels good.
So much respect for people who can go out and have a good time every weekend without paying dues for it each semester
Need a daga snuggle buddy 
Do u ever wish ur alcoholic mom will leave u family alone? Me too
Lesbian here looking to try sucking a dick for the first time
My dad passed away and now my mom is home alone and I feel so guilty about it.
LOOK AT THIS DEN OF SIN ITS THE SABBATH GO TO CHURCH
lol just wandered geneseo alone for so long why
I wish cuddling wasn't a form of cheating. I love my boyfriend to death but he doesn't go here and I'd love to have someone to just cuddle with sometimes
Do any girls want to smoke and cuddle and chill at my house? Kik 👇
I have repeatedly told guys that I have my period in order to avoid them   I don't get my period
I'm over selfish and all things associated
When a girl comes to your party and then just disappears<<<<<<<<<<<
Anyone want to smoke a joint and then have sex
Someone really took my jacket at the states 😒
End of night. Getting blazed and listening to skizzy red project 
I need courage.
'Look alive Uncle Boomy'
Girls how would you react if a guy had stretch marks? 
Too high rn 
how can someone have so many friends and still feel so alone?
Every time I go out I feel worthless and go home completely alone. I just wish I wasn't so lonely 
I think I'm an alcoholic 
It's not considered alcoholism until you've graduated college
An Northside girls dtf? 
Honestly I hate it when girls are like 'you are a great guy and any girl would be lucky to have you' but still I get friendzoned. Don't you understand you are the one I'm trying to impress.
Is it not weird that at the statesmen you're basically speaking with your butt? Ayy lmao
All I wanna do after statesmen is get high but my dealers slack and my friends sleep like ✋✋👎
Is it weird to finger ur butt
I have no crackers or bread in my room - I'm actually fucked.
How am I supposed to get with a cute guy who's just walking around the statesmen like make a moveeeee 
I just wanted to go home with a hockey guy 
not sure if it's beer shits or period shits 💩
Stop censoring me you mother fuckers
As your world gets darker your purpose becomes brighter.
I lead the worst life.
Not remembering bids night at all 😰 did I do it right?
I think I got invited into a threesome last night? 
I think Geneseo as a whole got drunk as fuck last night 
Ok Greek Life and Sports teams both have some assholes. That does not make either bad. Neither buys friends. They pay social dues because alcohol costs money. The end. 
You pay for beer not friends 
Pretty sure I'm still drunk from last night 
Waking up with the taste of regret 
Congrats on bids! Now clean the house 
Soo if someone woke up today and realized the coat they have is not theirs & plan on giving it back can you let a girl know!
Every college thinks their squirrels are unique 
Guys would you care if a girl had stretch marks on her stomach?
Would it be weird to make paper roses with my # on it and give it to random girls for Valentine's Day?
It's nice having a horny girlfriend
I just wanna have sex with him already 
I am absolutely still drunk right now 
All over campus not a creature was stirring not even a pledge. For they were all so hungover almost dead. 
Bids night holy Stromboli 
Just picked up shifts for CAS after a semester off from them haven't started yet and already hate my life. 
See a hot girl instantly try and find out who's her boyfriend 
I feel like no matter how much work and studying you do here you're still always behind.
I love my penis
Had sex 3 times already today
Cancer is a thief. 
My birthday consists of regretting last night and wanting to sleep forever.
Upvote if you think they should build a mountain and ski resort in Geneseo 
Everyone follow the trail and check out the Dik on daga field!!!
Mantra of the day: 'If I don't remember it it doesn't count'
Would you rather have a normal death and alone or die with the last of the human race because of a disaster?
My mom used to wake up early just to cut the crust off my sandwiches for lunch. She knew the crust was my favorite part. She hated me so much. thank god im here
My favorite type of men is ramen
Anyone know if letch has brunch today??? 
I am 19 years old and I am still clueless to how you girls make those swirly hats out of towels after you shower
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing.... It's cold outside and my balls are freezing..
Ovaries before brovaries
It sucks always feeling lonely. I feel like I have no friends. I play a sport and I get involved but I still feel like this I don't know how to change it.
Who's green beads are those on Erie staircases?
Lived the freshman dream last night and went home with a senior 
I just want to make out with your face so hard...
A colt 45 and 2 zig zags
Anyone on south selling weed?
Why is there so much blood in my alcohol system?
I love my boobs. My butt is cute. I am a beautiful creature. 
Last night was just wild as a whole. Proud to be a knight.
Can you please not have a conversation in the bathroom? I'm trying to poop. 
I think I was the only sober person in the statesmen last night and I enjoyed it a lot.
I want to touch some butts
The 'just add water' microwave mac and cheese that I ate for lunch was honestly the best tasting meal I've had this semester #thanksCAS
Most people take one look at me and automatically assume I have plans so I don't get asked out. But in fact I normally don't have plans.
Any girls into being tied up?
To whoever owns the Civic in the Allegany lot with the BMW badge on it... I hope you did that ironically. 
so excited b/c my valentine this year can go all night long. Even has adjustable speeds 
saw a group of guys last night catcalling a girl for her fake moustache
Do girls like being choked? Not too hard obviously 
Please sit on my face
sometimes you just need a lazy Sunday alone with last night's plate
Petition for the dining halls to serve breakfast all day on Sundays 
Just noticed cuts on my fuck buddy's wrist and thighs. We've been banging for like 8 months I kinda have feelings for her but we're not that close. Should I try to talk to her about it?
I just want to be with a lot of guys before I have to settle down.  I hate that that makes me  a slut.
It's a nice shirt it says I party but I also read books
It sucks feeling like you've lost someone before they're even gone yet. Never been so depressed in my life 
I guess I'm just a lone wolf like DMX
Anyone want to put together a band/jam group?
Is anyone like actually good at giving haircuts on south side?
This weather pretty much sums up the collective hangover geneseo has right now 
Fuck boys but also FUCK boys as long as they're not fuckboys
Who decided popcorn was the official movie food
It may look like I'm studying or doing something productive but I'm really just watching Toy Story and trying not to cry
One of my balls is swollen to the size of a small orange should I go to a doctor? Or will it be fine?
I'm not ready to study until I poop 
I dunno why people have a problem with slutty girls I dunno where I would be without them. I would probably have to find a girlfriend who would make me go shopping for shoes with her or something
No clue why people have a problem with Greek Life. What's wrong with hanging out with some people and partying a few nights a week
Pledged dk just to teach those bastards
Can't tell if I'm hungover sick or somewhere in between. 
Got a badass new pair of crocs
'Keep Chugging!''Okay'
Even when I'm caught up on sleep and work Sunday still fucking sucks.
We are not bad people. Horses.... Horses are bad people.
Is it too late to rush APO?
We get it Game of War Kate Upton has a voluptuous bosom. 
My number one goal before graduation is learning how to have a good time without getting drunk 
Classic Sunday afternoon anxiety boners
I have writer's block 24/7/365
Shout out to the awesome guys who helped pull my car out today! 
If you're going into an academic building don't have a loud conversation. People go here to study.
Battle Bots is coming back!
Can I rush APO even though I'm a senior 
Deltron 3030 playing @fusion gives me hope
The definition of self control is not watching Netflix all day on a Sunday 
seeing your RA at a party.. 😱🙈 *this is juice 🍹🍷🍸*
I might smell but I can fix that. You however can't fix your personality. 
I want to go home
Never pass out when there are markers about
I spend a lot of time asking people how they are and they get so into it they forget to ask me. Sometimes I really need it. 
I don't know how but I got into German rap and it's so addictive.
Just when you think you are being tolerant you get shit on for calling a girl dating a girl a lesbian because that's not how she self identifies.
You're supposed to dole your crazy out in little bits not all at once!
I wear my sunglasses at night
Last night I let final bids get the best of me. Woke up in the morning my big had to sleep next to me. 🎵
What's the difference between horny and hungry? Where you put the carrot.
Calling home and hearing your dog bark in the background has a weird way of making a bad day a little better. 
Kanye this is the Grammy's you can't pull that shit here only at fake award shows 
Anyone else fucked for this music of worlds people quiz? Really shouldnt have skipped those two classes...
The only way to describe my life at the moment would just be one long never ending groan 
Today is the first day ever that I've pooped more times than I've peed 
yo momma so nice she baked me cookies when my girlfriend cheated on me
I think I picked the wrong school 
I saw Jesus in my dream last night and he told me to stop jerking off and going to statesmen.
How do I make time go slower? It's flying by
FUCKIN LIL SHIT
Anorexia is much more dangerous than bulimia. Most bulimics remain at a healthy weight while anorexia is the most dangerous common mental disorder.
My version of flirting is looking at someone I find attractive and hoping that they're braver than I am. 
I don't need a valentine. I just need 8 million dollars and a fast metabolism.
Been waiting all day to masturbate in the shower... #whatislife
When I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof I was shocked.
Relationship status: waiting for a miracle.
Happy pledging everyone and may the odds be ever in your favor.
Tuco Salamanca
I'm sorry. I think I'll tell you that at some point. But I'm not ready yet
Tight Tight Tight!💎
How do I get my village to stop trying to set me on fire. I can't help that I weight more than a duck
Dear roommate I wouldn't hate you as much if you turned the brightness down on your computer as you continue to watch Netflix from 11am-2am everyday as I try to sleep and actually pass this semester 
Doing late night homework just wouldn't be the same without all the mumbled swearing
I did not wait this long to watch Beyoncé sing this song...
When you step on the metal strip between the townhouses and your life flashes before your eyes
I'm hosting a charity festival next week for people who struggle to reach orgasm. If you can't come let me know. 
When you lose your friends within 24 hours of bid night since they won't talk about anything besides their sorority. 
Saw Jesus in my dreams he told me it was not okay that I pay him below minimum wage to mow my lawn
Buy me food pledge.
Craving shower sex rn 
Why do couples fucking cheat on one another and thinks it's ok? 
vodka is made from potatoes. potatoes are a vegetable. vodka is salad.
Hate how long it takes for me to fall asleep too much pondering life and whatnot
Yo fuck courtship I just wanna be assigned a random girlfriend it would be worth risking her not be hot
I want you so fucking bad and I just wish you'd at least like my fb posts or something to show me it's okay. 
Any tips for first time sex (girl)
Any girls wanna blaze?
When you crave the excitement of casual sex but also the fulfillment you get out of a relationship
Would creating a petition to bring Chipotle to Geneseo and sending it to Chipotle hq work? 
So I don't have a Valentine. My worst fear is crossing paths with my ex and a new drunk girl he will pick up :(
I am a man and actually like paying for the date but I criticize the practice so girls don't take it for granted
is butter a carb?
Sick of people commenting on post when they have no idea what they're talking about 
I may not have a boyfriend but I get to go home and cuddle with my five month old puppy on Valentine's Day so I think I'm the real winner here. 
if I had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive; they would eventually find me attractive 
Birthday is coming soon and im not even excited about it. I have friends who don't even want to spend time with me. I might as well go away 
Any gay gals wanna come snuggle not watch Netflix just talk about life for hours and get to know each other? 
Tired of learning shit that won't be necessary in the future and tired of this shit life and doing useless shit everyday. Fuuuuuck
I just rolled over in bed crushed an innocent goldfish cracker gasped apologized then ate the crumbs. Send help
Every guy needs a girl to just be friends with
Fuck bio
Foot of snow coming  no classes tomorrow?!
I love hockey boys
I miss my mom
Wish it was still Fall Break
My friends all have so much drama right now and I'm the one they come to. But none of them ever care if I have any problems. I'm sick of being the shoulder to cry on... I need someone too. 
too many people on here feeling sad and down about themselves. you cant expect anyone to love you if you don't love yourself first!
Pls love me :'(
it really messes me up that you can accidentally create a human life but you can’t accidentally make a pizza
Safe sex is great sex better wear a latex..you don't want that late text that I think I'm late text 
it’s so sad when you crave someone you can’t have
Communication is key in relationships. Like my grandma used to say: 'If you can put his dick in your mouth you can talk to him about what bothers you.'
All I want is a hug from my mom so I know everything will be ok😔
Get into bed at 10....andddddd it's 1 again 
alright who's dick do I gotta suck to get a snow day around here
Doing the snow day ritual from elementary school just in case
I need a person that I can just sit and talk to for hours on end about feelings and things I like
When you blow your boyfriends mind>>>
If every week could be a 4 day week then that would be great. 
To the person who is devastated about bids: the first time I rushed I didn't get one either. But after I re-rushed the same place I got my bid. 1.5  years later I couldn't be happier. Don't give up
All I want is the taste that your lips allow
Hopping into the shower cause I felt shitty after my shift by the end of the shower I realized I have to shit. Brought to you by the exquisite CAS staff thank you
Things get weird when your best friend is a girl and the relationship starts to resemble a romantic relationship a little more and you have developed feeling for her and possibly vice versa
Will someone eat lunch with me tomorrow? I'm debating to even eat because of how alone I've been since I transferred here
❤️👫👬👭❤️
I know you can be overwhelmed and i know you can be underwhelmed but can you ever just be whelmed?
Everyone says college is where you have tons of fun and meet your soulmate but I feel like it's where I have debilitating crushes on people who don't know I exist and worry about being forever alone
Every Sunday evening it snows a bunch just to shit on our Mondays that much more 
I love kissing. Unfortunately I haven't had a truely romantic sober kiss in a while. The only girls I kiss are at the statesmen and we're both drunk and have liquor breath. I need some passion
I want to fuck a dad
I'm on acid this bitch is basic 
Connecting with other hot local singles for free on Quest!
I dont wanna go to school
Whos still awake?!
Even if your life sucks it still has value as a tragic story
I've always felt more like I live in a work of fiction than reality
I'm always the one to care too much
Whats everyone doing?
If you are a girl you've gotta lay it on thick like holy shit you can straight up grab a guy's dick and he won't be sure if this means you're into him
Up vote if you support my buying a pocket pussy
Sometimes I wish I could tell my genitalia that having sex with ten women is not an order for ten babies
Can I die from getting too bloated??? 
Hold up you beautiful person if you wanna do anything more than read yaks you gotta download our new update.
Now you can search and save custom peek locations anywhere in the world!
So do yourself a favor and shower yourself in the glory of this new update. Ride on.
Sometimes I want a soulmate sometimes I want a holemate 
Is it just me or has this week been way too long??
GUYS HOUSE OF CARDS IS TOMORROW. THATS IN LIKE 8 HOURS.
Moment of silence for all the articles of clothing that have been lost during a one night stand 
I've really never understood not liking yourself you could literally be the only person you know everyone else could all be in your head. 
I just want a fuckbuddy
What is soft cough? 
Fashionably late to class
When your phone autocorrects fwb to February 
Would any guys want a fwb that's a big girl?
Nuns on a vow of silence #betterartiststhanmarylambert
What's that noise in Frasier library
Wow literally I hate all of you
50 Shades of Grey under my eyes 💤
Who the fuck is mary lambert?
Quinn's quizzes are mad easy
In class taking notes... just dotted a 'v' I'm so out of it.
Why does everybody want fuckbuddies today? Guys don't do this to yourselves they're so unnecessarily confusing/upsetting 
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey
The amount of times I think of ending it with you worries me. I think it could work but I'm emotionally unavailable
I get so much satisfaction when I pee and it's completely clear 
The last Harry Potter movie can out 4 years ago
If only you could take a joke as well as you can take a dick ...
Writing out The Second World War instead of WWII to add that much needed length to an essay
15 days until spring break
Crying is actually pretty refreshing..
I hate every single thing about myself. I just don't want to exist everyone would benefit from me being invisible.
Help I've fallen and I can't get up
smitty werbenjagermanjensen he was number one
Anyone have tablet suggestions?
Does Raynor test more from the power points than the textbook? 
When you yawn too hard & your jaw makes that clicking noise & you get scared you're going to permanently unhinge your jaw 
But RealTalk.. who decided to make lemonade pink? And why pink of all colors..?
Sdt can breathe #cunts
Favorite shots to get at a bar?
There's no afternoon pick-me-up quite like the thrill of killing a man
The fact that The Grimm Adventures of Billy and Mandy is on Netflix>>>
Make sure you never accidentally share someones FB profile picture. It gets awkward...
Did anyone watch Zoom growing up? 
JCole
Jordan Belfort by Wes Walker is going to be the next big song
That moment of internal struggle when you come across an article with spoilers 👀🙈🙏
Already have to stop smoking weed because I'm trying to get an internship over summer...
Didn't wash my hands after going to the bathroom.
I don't know which CAS worker started the trend of drawing smiley faces but it certainly does not go unappreciated:)
Sometimes when I hear creaking noises in my apartment I pretend I'm on the titanic
Shoutout to all my real Africans
Where in Bailey are the anthro department mailboxes ? 
Do the Pi Kappa Phi guys creep anyone else out? I picture them as Disney villains just lurking around the union
Little Einsteins #BetterArtistsThanMaryLambert
'Yoooo bro I was so wasted last night bro... I must have like 35 shots bro I was wasted' 
Stop fucking eating my stir fry... Bitch get your own...
Boyfriend is playing video games while I chill out and I licked his elbow twice - he didn't notice. I'm quite proud of myself 
I'm not gonna Raichu a love song.
Clearly just made myself unattractive 😥
Turn on your charmander pants come off.
Breakfast for dinner in ballroom for $3!!!!
The Wiggles #betterartistthanMaryLambert
#HandsUpDontPickMaryLambert
Did anyone even vote for Mary Lambert or did someone just decide for us?
What is the condom casino?
Thanks to whoever found my gloves and put them on a table outside Letch!
smile...tomorrow is FRIDAY :)
Open at Clio tonight! 
Twitter just advertised an ad for a company called 'Clio' who is running a seminar for Courtroom Etiquette
Sig Nu needs to learn what leg day is 
Blaw: where everyone helps each other on quizes
Sammies pledges breaking staplers and shit in the library
His body is a 10 but his intro and conclusion need work ... 
The Wiggles always freaked me out because when I was a kid they were like random 40 year old dudes telling me about fruit salad. 
Open at ago 
All of the effort is pointless if you don't believe in yourself 
Pirate fetish.
Best decision I ever made was to have four classes on Thursdays so I could have Fridays off 
Its my birthday next weekend I want a threesome. Are there 2 hot guys that wanna fuck me?
A great ending to a horrible week would be to get a text after work tomorrow from my guy asking if he can come over so we can fuck and I can spend the night with him
Caillou was my nigga back in the day
That awkward moment when someone you didnt friend request or know about requesting accepts your friend request
So many spear chuckers at this school 
All people are equal...except for sociology majors they're lesser than everyone else 
Can trannies get jobs? 
Smelly cat smelly cat how are they preserving you?
Wow I really don't want to write this paper due tomorrow 😭
I don't understand why as a someone who's a white straight male I should feel bad for everything in the past deal with it. We have all been through shit 
When should I start applying for a job at a summer camp? 
Why isn't there a pronoun for transgenders? Like idk either to call them he's or she's. Idk I thought if you had a dick you're a guy but call me old fashioned 
Women have smaller brains than men. It's science 
Jews aren't that mad at Germany anymore so all you black people should shut up about slavery 
Watching all these people on dates at Starbucks like lol
Anyone want to buy me a 30?
For those of you who are getting this mixed up: there are ONLY two genders. Male and female. 
Why do white kids get offended by black jokes? 
Stereotypes for each major. Go.
Black and Blue OR White and Gold
Would it still be the weekend if chip matthews didn't send out a weekend events list?
Beauty is in the eye of the beerholder 
What does Dr. Raynor like to ask for short answers on his exercise psychology exams? Thanks :)
V-I-ck-y the sound of her voice makes the little kids cry. Ahhhhhh!
If I don't receive the weekend update email is it really even the weekend?
Just to be clear Bryan #1 Haude has the biggest cock on campus 
Sadly the amount of time one spends at the library doesn't always parallel  to the amount of work done.
I just want a sloppy bj from an AGO is that too much to ask for? 
👀 could🚶5⃣0⃣0⃣ miles and 👀 could walk 5⃣0⃣0⃣>
7/11 is now hiring. So if you are looking for a career then come by!
Anyone know how I can get #17 on the hockey team inside me? 
If Haude doesn't have the biggest dick then Devaughn Rice (17) does 👌
I have the biggest dick on campus.
Kroy gets it
Still waiting for that bj 
Hockey guys you realize your dicks aren't going to become big if you say they're big on yik yak right?
Who cares if it's gold and white or blue and black it's an ugly fucking dress 
Should I bother going to condom casino?  I'm already never going to use the condoms.
SOMEONE EXPLAIN TO ME THE BLUE/BLACK OR WHITE/GOLD DRESS THING. ITS FREAKING ME OUT
I am a misogynist AMA 
Dick must be slang for hockey stick or something 
Chip Matthews 
Still looking for guy #2 for my bday threesome next weekend....
Got so high once that I was freaking out because I couldn't find my neopet to feed It and I thought it was going to die.
People often talk about Western notions of beauty but Western notions of beauty are not terribly different from Eastern notions of beauty
Is there a name for the phenomenon when you're reading/writing something and at the same time you read/write a certain word you hear someone say that same word? 
I refresh my Twitter feed like 100 times a day....just because i just fucking love hearing that little pop noise
Anyone know where I can get some of that cream that makes your dick grow? I heard the hockey guys started it 
I like a.....do.....the cha cha 
I need a good fucking my stress levels are way too high
Long day just took a long hot shower and now I'm laying naked in my bed watching Netflix with my heated blanket on...is this what heaven is like?
Regardless if the dress is blue and black or white and gold still no one gives a shit
That awkward moment when you sneeze and someone from a study session across the hall and two closed steel does away comes to see who did it
Kush and OJ is such a great mixtape 
Girls throw your kik in here lets fuck tonight (I'm a freshman)
Kony 2012
You know you have severe narcissism problems when you decide to think of yourself as a demigod because thinking of yourself as a full-on god would be too blasphemous
IT'S FUCKING WHITE AND GOLD YOU COLORBLIND MOUTH BREATHERS
Does anyone remember Out Of The Box? 
He's currently filling out his FAFSA form with his mother  on the phone while high as balls.
Southside employee put Italian dressing on my Chicken Caesar wrap. 
I think I'm going to pack for break now instead of studying for my test tomorrow
The first modern-age celebrity known to have had an eating disorder was the poet Lord Byron. Lord Byron is now believed to have suffered from a (relatively benign) case of anorexia.
Is there always someone at the main desk at the workout center? 
How do girls shed so much without going bald?
Still looking for girl #2 for my birthday threesome next weekend...
Do people actually workout at 6 in the morning?
NO ITS A BLACK AND BLUE DRESS
Guys it's about the retina cones in your eyes. That's why some see white and gold and others see black and blue. It's white and gold but I personally see black and blue.
Amphetamine use was popular with housewives before it was popular with students. Housewives taking them to lose weight quickly discovered they were very helpful with getting household tasks done
I need a good dicking. 
Is it white and gold or is it blue and black...the world may never know...
what is this dress everyone's talking about...?
My roommate is the real MVP
When you start calculating your test score DURING the test you know it's real.
'When my dog dies I want to cut off his lips and keep them.' I'm sorry you want to what now?
It's blue and black
I'm tryna munch some box tonight 
Cortland sees blue and black
I think I'm gonna teach myself to juggle instead of studying for my theatre test 
IM SO FUCKING MAD ABOUT THIS GODDAMN DRESS!!!
Thong wedgies are the worst. 
Yall be acting like the hockey team didn't completely fuck up yesterday.
Where can I see this multicolored dress 
The black and bluers are starved for attention 
I don't even care if it's only 9:30...I am so fucking happy to be in bed right now after a long day.
Hey why does dr. Pepper come in bottles...? Eh..? Eh...?
It's blue and black. 
Who cares if it's white and gold or black and blue; nobody wants to wear that ugly fucking dress
Left my phone in Newton all day. Came back and it was still there. #top25mostdangerous
But how can colors be real if our eyes aren't real?
Did a color analysis by pixel. It's blue and black; the black parts are slightly gold because of yellow lighting. Light blue and dark gold are inverse colors. Yes I am fun at parties.
What's this whole blue and black thing going on right now? 
My life is a constant cycle of waiting for the weekend
Why couldn't little Timmy tell what color the dress was? He had eye cancer. 
What's black and blue and read all over? THIS FUCKING DRESS IF YOU PUT RED ON IT.
white people about the dress debate: i don't see color!
If she busts out the cigs before 9 look out.
^ if you saw gold and white
What if I could see both blue/black AND white/gold?
^ if you saw black and blue
You know what would be a weird alternate timeline scenario? One where Hitler was the most handsome man who ever lived. Like so handsome straight men get erections from looking at his picture
Is it true the condom casino event is giving away dildos?
I saw black and yellow
Have a big dick too unattractive for women to sleep with me.  Yay life.
Lets fuck bitch
Who else here hates SDT?
Open at RLK don't come though cuz they don't even like each other enough to party together 
After the dentist I'm like 'MY SHINY TEETH AND ME SHINY TEETH SHINY TEETH'
THE INTERNET IS HAVING A MELTDOWN what color is that dress?!?!
Where is Geneseo at on Relay for Life as far as competing with other schools?
How did that guy in phigs die a couple years?
Should I spend my TAP money on cigs or alcohol? 
RIP to all of the socks that I've lost over the years
Best ways to study for O'Donnell's Bio 119 tests?
Ehhh white and gold 
'This dress looks black to me. Idk' - Helen keller
Blue and black or white and gold? 
What the fuck
I just want to date one of these gorgeous Asian girls 
conclusion: we are all black and only think we look white
Really wish I had a boyfriend. But it seems like I only have luck anywhere else besides Geneseo
Everyone says my boyfriend cheated on me but he swore on his families life he didn't..
Someone who knows science... Explain the dress changing colors! Why do colors tell us our emotions 
I'm seeing orange and purple. 
The dress is neither color! People this is the media trying to distract us from the true news! ... House of Cards releases tonight.
Who cares about the color as a guy that is one ugly dress! 
Thursday drinking!!! 
There is actually no dress
I hope the next whatsup email solves the dress controversy 
Geneseo hates hung guys
the important thing to take away is that black people are actually gold and white people are probably blue.
The dress is black 
Has the mirror been lying to me about my skin tone?
Is it really that hard to find a loyal guy
My shiny teeth and me 
It's white and gold. Obviously. That so many people see it differently kind of scares me.
Fuck Uzbekistan 
Reaaally need some motivation to start this Analyt 4 homework 
I can't seem to juggle 3 guys at one time. When they start to get serious you dip. Fools. 
Good luck to the guy who has to match that dress with a tie for prom #rip
I'm so tired my under eye bags have bags
When bitches get the D and dont fucking know how to act after 
There are actually two different dresses 
When U scan for your self at checkout 
Dress color depends on lighting an angle you first saw it at
I need a girl to cuddle and makeout with and watch movies. I need... A girlfriend.
What's the best way to make friends? Tell am woman you love her they always say 'let's just be friends' 
I can see where people are comin from with the blue bc the shadow can make the white look light grey or blue but i dont understand how anyone thinks the gold part is black
As a female loner I find it hard to date especially when they need attention or clear affection
I masturbate to your outrage
What's the best way to make friends? 
The thing about meeting people in Yikyak is that you don't know if you'd be attracted to them or not
I desperately want to have sex with Will Arnett.
wtf is a condom casino?
Post more stereotypes about the majors! 
I can't put my fist in your childhood dreams and I can't put my penis in your college degree 
Posted the reason why the dress is different colors and it got voted out...people just want to pretend it's a mastery 
Tumblr isn't real life 
I like you
CUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm calling it.  The dress is a hoax.  Colors can't do that shit! 
Cunty cunt cunt cuntitty cunt 
ALL DKs have really small smega filled dicks
I'm just gonna drink until my social frustrations disappear and I forget that I'm a complete loser
Selling male virginity.
Sometimes I wish I were a girl but then I realize I'd rather be a girl with a penis. 
Gennynakedsnaps is not naked enough 
I dont care if the dress is blue and black or white and gold its cute and i want it 
Being a girl is cool but sometimes I wonder what it'd be like to have a penis
Selling male virginity. 10 dollars or best offer 
Do guys ever want a vagina? I know as a female myself I've thought of wanting a penis (mostly for masturbating purposes)
Do girls like completely shaven or just well trimmed and maintained male crotch 
It's interesting how people change their attitude when you yourself change the attitude towards how you feel about them
What is a(n) 'FWB'?
If I could fall into the sky do you think time would pass me by...
Pen is
Sorry professor but I can't come to class tomorrow. I need to watch House of Cards
My mother and her husband are so manipulative and stressful that I just cried while trying to have a simple conversation with them. I want to jump off a bridge.
I'm a girl and want to fuck a dude with a strap on who is down 
YO YOU CAN FINALLY CHANGE YOUR VOTES THANK GOD 
As a colorblind male you all now know how I feel everyday. Fuck you dress 
WHERE IS MY HOUSE OF CARDS ITS FEBRUARY 27 CURRENTLY. 
ITS 12:06 NETFLIX WHERE THE FUCK IS HOUSE OF CARDS!!! 
There are few things that are hotter to me than blowing my bf when I really shouldn't be 
it's midnight. stop playing the ukulele and let me sleep. 
Ughhhhhh
Who lost their naked basics?
Some girl on here really wants a dick tonight
What if we all just see colors differently? There's no way to describe a color
Horny and tipsy. Fuck. 
Am I the only one that doesn't care that much what color the dress is?  It's supposed to be an illusion.  It's not like I'm messed up if I got it wrong.
Know I deserve better but don't know how to move on 
It's 2015 and we're debating over color this is what MLK died for
Can someone in detail describe to a person without a penis what it feels like to get a blowjob
The BLUE and BLACK dress is destroying relationships for real...
Hockey risers at the statesmen...
I just want a cute girl to hold and fall asleep with. I may be muscle-bound but I'm a big teddy bear
I can breathe out of my nose. IT'S A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE!!!
This dress picture is why I have trust issues
Whoever the dark human is who shared this dress photo knowing it would cause mental and emotional anguish amongst thousands I hope you're happy. 
White and Gold
It's almost 1 am on a Thursday night. Not everyone doesn't have classes today so people need to sleep. Shut. The. Fuck. Up.
This is why I don't catch feelings 
Can we please just have your meat sauce 
The only thing I see when I look at this dress is how ugly it is...
Let's see how obnoxiously loud my housemates can be when they come home at 2am!! 🙌✌️🙏👏
The dress keeps switching back and forth!!!!!!!!!
When my phone is at max brightness I see white and gold. When it is at minimum brightness I see blue and black.
Whoever is shouting outside of Livingston/Monroe can you stop 
Who the FUCK is screaming outside monroe right now and WHY
Blue and Black
Party with SDT sucked dick. Lol what else could I possibly expect?
This dress color nonsense has swept like wildfire 
Whoever saw a white and gold dress meet me by the cats 😼😻😸
Until the great dress color debate I had always wondered why white people are invisible in the water
I saw blue and black at first but after I got high I saw white and gold...
Dan and chris are my favorite roommate pair too!!! 
What dress? Wtf is this? 
MAC and RLK are the least Greek Greek organizations on campus
I wish I was dead. Death is the answer to all of our problems. Every morning I am crushed when I have to depart the sweet escape of sleep. How am I possibly supposed to wait the 50 years I have left?
Now I see black and blue before it was  white and gold tho
Join SDT if you have no intentions of going to parties and simply want to have a big so you can take totem photos.
The dress is yellow and green
That fight between mac and sig tau was wild
RLK is mad hot despite the hate 
Now everyone says I told you so 😢😒
Swim bitch who hopped the bar deserved it 
To the man who stole my charger from my house in meadows please return it!!!!
Sex in steuben? White male looking for african american female
Mac doesn't even have letters. Gtfo
what if black people have actually been gold this whole time 
Saw white and gold originally. No I see black and blue
I wanna jar one of my farts so 1000 years from now some archaeologist will be like 'what the fuck is this' and bam out comes my fart! 
Fuck my shitty memory 
What happened at dk?
I look at these skinnier less feminine girls and i just wanna explore them. Kiss lick everything. I dont know what to do with these thoughts cuz im pretty sure im straight...
U SDT hoes suck
The dress is magenta and and combination of bunch of other colors.
An exam in the morning I'm going to fail and I'm up all night crying into my pillow. Happy fucking Friday 
Why ever party with DK? Who in their right mind beats up on women???
Haha ok DK 
I know she took her dick out at their party but did DK really need four guys to beat up that grandma
As a 'white person' I have finally decided to fully devote myself to Eywa. I see all of you.
Okay do ppl really put their virginity up for sale? 
Sorry I went behind your bar DK... I guess you're intimated by a girl under 5 foot :( 
Rumors are true about DK
DK fucking sucks
You broke me 
Blue on black... Tears on a river. A push on a shove it don't mean much. Joker on Jack match on a fire cold as ice it's a dead man's touch. 
I just want to cuddle with my dog 
where did this blue gold black white bullshit dress come from
Is it aggressive if I say literally go fuck yourself to a new dimension. Nah he deserves that shit
I think I love you
DK disgusts me. It doesn't matter what they do....dont ever touch a woman. 
What is there even to live for
Any dudes looking to get their dick sucked by a dude?? 
Crows are a bunch of fucking pussies 
People shut the fuck up with the 'who wants to cuddle and hookup rn' shit it's called masturbating girls and boys try it
Any girls want to cuddle and hookup rn?
D3 sports are hard
Women's swim team doesn't posses anyone above a 6 
Does anyone else feel inclined to be really cool if someone says they're a transfer student in order to rep geneseo
Fuck sig nu
Lax sucks dick
Someone go look at the Greek tree
Any girls wana just cuddle?
Fuck sdt
To me being gay and lonely are synonymous...why was I even put here? 
My roommate keeps moaning in her sleep and it's keeping me up...I'm confused a little unsettled and fucking tired 😕
The only people i can actually talk to is my therapist. And that's sad
The dress is actually blue and orange. It appears different colors to different people because your brain is attempting to interpolate a color context of the photo and everyone's brain is different
SDT is still better than the women's swim team 
If you're an unattractive female join the women's swim team. You'll fit right in 
SDT is still better than women's swim team
If you're an unattractive female join the women's swim team. You'll fit right in
830's are evil 
Literally this is the worst physical pain I've ever felt. Can someone please remove my uterus or I don't know shoot me so this stops?
Women's swim team doesn't posses anyone above a 6 
What are marijuana tablets?
Second night in a row that i cant sleep. Something must be wrong with me.
SDT is still better than the women's swim team
People who think it's blue and black are retarted. Your eyes are adjusting for light they see in the image while simultaneously adjusting for actual light making the image appear darker. #White&Gold
There should be a residence hall for people who snore and if the school dares to trap you in there when you don't snore they give you a refund check no less than $1000 for the inconvenience.
House of Cards is up!!!
My ex liked 3s and numbers divisible by 3. If we talk now I make sure to call or text her at a time divisible by three when the digits add up. I'm even doing it right now :/ 4:41 AM
I'm heartbroken 
5:30 AM thoughts: I can't stop going back to a guy that has hurt me so much and will continue to do so.
Me: 'but I was gonna study this weekend'   House of cards: 'no'
Is it just me or is Erie freezing right now?
2 WEEKS UNTIL SPRING BREAK. GUYS WE GOT THIS 🌼🌻🍀🌷💐🌞☀️☔️☀️
How does DK even have organizations left to party with?
So I'm waiting until tomorrow to watch house of cards with my bf and I can already tell that today is going to be one of the most agonizing days of my life.
Can someone confirm that someone in the meadows was robbed so my housemates with believe me and start locking the door
I look at that bitch for 10 minuets and it's still gold and white...am I going to die?
Can I add money to flex?
The swim team is full of important individuals....
I'm on cop look out even when I'm sober 
I would just like everyone to know there are 15 days until spring break 🎊🌸🌷🌹🌻🌺🏄🏊🍹🍷🎉
Can't have a legit convo with my roommate without them trying to be right all the time. Like calm down. You're wrong most of the time anyway. 
I hear dk and clio are currently partying and drinking ...and it's barely 9 am. Fucking brutal. 
I don't need it. I don't need it. I definitely don't need it... I NEEEEEEEEED IIIITTTT
Did judkins give back the anthro grades back yet
THAT DRESS UGLY ANYWAY WHO GIVES A FUCK WHAT COLOR IT IS. IF U WEAR THAT DRESS WE HAVE MORE SERIOUS ISSUES TO DEAL WITH 
When you're hungover and waiting for the bus 
Dk throwin it down 
Open at DK first 50 random kids who show up get a full house tour and a chance to play quarters from behind the bar! 
Open at DK! 
We shouldn't have gotten up this morning.
Wish I had that crazy highlighter so I could see how many times I should snooze...
I first saw it as white/gold but now I see blue/black. As a convert it is blue/black but I feel bad because the blue/black people are assholes to the white/gold people. 
Seriously hung over!!! This bus drives me nuts 
LL Bean I don't give a fuck about spring deals send me my boots. 
The pendulum in the ISC stopped moving so I think that means the earth did too but I was only there for theatre class so...
I don't want to lose you but this is so hard
This bus late af
What are marijuana tablets?
Be afraid...
Stealing from the library to feel the thrill #top25mostdangerous
Ambassadors or meadows?
Q: What's black and blue and red all over?  A: APPARENTLY THAT DRESS AFTER I STAB MY EYES OUT WHEN I GO CRAZY
Is there a place to get a breakfast sandwich on this campus?
My fucking roomate wakes up 2 hours early for his class and just sits in the room mashing buttons on his computer. If you are awake then just go to the common room!!!
That dress can be seen as two colors good stuff who cares
Watching a squirrel groom itself in a tree > studying for my exam in an hour
So what does this mean the blue man group is actually just 3 white guys that can play the drums?
Ughh how do i get over this guy :/ he doesnt want me anymore. 
And the dress is back to white and gold. What the fuck. 
This morning my alarm went off and I snoozed it. I fell asleep then felt like I woke up but I couldn't open my eyes. I laid there panicking trying to open them for a few minutes. Wtf was that. 
It's Friday and it's suppose to
Anyone know what's on the agenda for Mitschow's class today. I'd be forever grateful
Yik Yak has brought back the 'Watcher' aspect of media. No one gets away with shit. 
I wish I could just become an auror. That's so much more fun than fucking accounting
Any girls interested in a foreign exchange ztudent its here for the taking fez will take care of you just fine
I'm so desperate for a sublet so I can go abroad in the fall.
anyone have connections to a human resource internship ?
Much like my gpa I will go down on you
Dude came into my room last night drunk as fuck and tried sleeping on top of me thinking it was his bed. 
I know problems exist in my paper and I want to hear them. I know nothing is personal but for some reason it always makes me a little sad. Everyone is Like yo we're not angry just upset. 
If you wear a hat that says SWAG I'm going to go ahead and assume you have none
Women's basketball is hosting SUNYACS this weekend be there at 7:30 tonight! Go support the lady knights they can ball!
Even my professor looks hungover today
Damn you vending machine. The picture said nestea and you gave me fuze. -.-
This explosive diarrhea has been brought to you by CAS: 'We spend more money on laxatives than we do making sure the food is quality'  
Why is there a grey sun? Why do people use the grey sun and not the yellow sun? The grey one makes me think its a mace ball missing its chain. 
I honestly just want warmer weather because I'm lazy and don't like putting on so many articles of clothing 
Never so excited to attend Sensation and Perception because I can finally get a good explanation of this dress thing. 
Dks sodomize each other behind the bar
Just saw this fuckboy not log out of two of the Milne computers
SDT literally never goes to their own parties dunno why those girls entered into a sorority together 
I just want pretzel goldfish 😪
how my bussy taste boo
Daga 2N your music is shit please turn it off so my ears stop bleeding
House of cards intro is the hypest thing of all time 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Going into a midterm having done maybe a quarter of the assigned readings. Time to do what I do best; Bullshit 
my bussy is white and gold but could be black and blue when you're done
This dress is green and orange
Ultimate Goal: Compiling such an amazing music library that I could hit shuffle and not want to skip a single song.
Energy drinks are bad for you?
Brain Pop is back!! 😬😄
I love DK..said nobody ever
Geneseo should be the first college campus to legalize pot 
Girl Scout cookies?
girls swim a bunch of 10s
Fuck the dress go watch the llamas on the loose
Legalize Gay Marriage-u-wanna
Legalize gay marihuana 
If you start crushing on your hookup buddy but you know that they won't ever like you back then it's smart to just end it right?
Cause of WWIII the dress was gold and white not blue and black.
I just complimented a guy on his fake British accent but it turns out he was actually from England and I'm an asshole. 
We should reserve a lounge for single people. 
Is it okay to repost as long as you use correct citation?
I hate when people ask what I'll be doing in 5 years. Like dude c'mon;  I don't have 2020 vision
I hate people who give away important parts to shows that are very popular. ruins it for everyone.
How do those 39 girls get so many guys?? #sluts
What's the worst hazing done here? Any organization
When you were the first one in Lauderdale and everyone that came after you gets seen first 😑
What if that was someone's prom dress and that was the pic she sent to her date to match...
When you sit by yourself in the cafeteria are you secretly hoping someone sits next to you?
I got here 10 minutes before class to pick the seat I want but yeah no ill move my chair back 6 feet so your late ass can have some room to sit😑
Give me Yakarma or give me death
Someone call Bill Nye to handle this dress confusion 
PSA: Don't try to put your foot down between the undercarriage bars of the desk in front of you. Your foot will get stuck. And it will be embarrassing.
MY NAME'S NOT  RIIIIIIIIIICK!!!!
it seems more like walk of luck rather than walk of shame
Agos just obsess over dk to piss off clio
Good luck to Mens and Women's basketball this weekend!!!
i am the sleepiest whale 🐋
Thought I started my period from the blood in the bowl. Turns out I just tore open my anal fissure. 
All I wanna do is go outside and lay on the grass. Can't wait for spring 
Who honestly gives a shit about Clios Dks and Agos 
NARP life sucks. I feel like a peasant. 
Judge me if you want but I'm gonna build a huge ass snowman this weekend in front of the isc.
Never go to the Statesman as an under on Thursdays.
Dude doing laundry in basement livingston: you have a good taste in music
Snape kills Dumbledore 
I'm a lot nicer than my 'walking to class' face. I promise.
Who gave the Greek tree the nasty looking STD.
In the whole grand scheme of things. The mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell.
I'm not friends with enough attractive monogamous girls. Where they at??
I wish someone would tell me straight up if I'm ugly or not. I honestly don't know.
Today the sun shown upon my face and the sleepy eyed squirrel did frolic through my garbage bin. 
Fuck that dress
Leonard Nimoy has been beamed up for the last time. RIP
RIP Leonard Nimoy. He lived long and prospered. 
Of my friend I can only say this: Of all the souls I have encountered in my travels his was the most... human.
The bottom floor of allegany smells like old person
Shout out to Oscar the garbage squirrel. 
PSA to anyone who is interested in a second semester senior: if you want to hook up with us JUST ASK. We're leaving in 75 days so what do you have to lose? 
S/o to the girl who has been stealing my seat during week 6 in psych. You actually suck.
Trypophobia 
I wonder if butterflies have tattoos of whores on them
GOOD LUCK TO THE MENS AND WOMENS TRACK TEAMS THIS WEEKEND. 
You can change from upvotes to down votes now in yak
My wifi went down as I was trying to watch House of Cards. Not cool.
Do guys not approach girls who are attractive because they assume we have a boyfriend? Or are you guys just nervous?
Beam him up Scotty :(
RIP Leonard Nimoy. Live Long and Prosper
To the little Indian girl in down stairs mil. I don't need to her everything you're saying 
I really love my boyfriend but I hate having my lipstick smeared. decisions decisions.
Not even part of Greek life and I've gone on at least 15 sister dates in starbs and books and bytes
I've hooked up with guys in every fraternity. YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE AND YOU KNOW YOU LIKED IT
I heard birds today! And the ten day forecast is above 20 for every day coming up. Stay strong spring is coming. 
RIP Leonard Nimoy Benedict Cumberbatch will never be as good as you
Ago sucks balls
I feel like a fucking saint every time I wait for the cashier at fusion instead of just walking through 
I can always tell how late I am to class by where I see certain people. Like fuck I wasn't supposed to see you until the top of cardiac hill.
Dk: douche kunts
Milne needs a basement entrance or better yet an underground tunnel from the meadows lol
Wow Leonard Nimoy is actually dead
Everyone hates lady wave. 
When you have to wear a girdle on television in the 70s your death has been coming for a while. But still RIP
Can people stop being so hateful towards all organizations? You most likely don't have to balls to say in person so don't say it at all 
This bio sub is so much better than fiesner
I don't judge you based on race gender sexual orientation or religion but if you eat pizza with a fork and knife you're on my shit list.
Anyone got a pic of strang's 8:30 micro tests?
Stop stealing things I like from my life... Go back to Oswego where you belong
Can't wait to get out of this hateful environment
It's the things In life that you're willing to die for that make life worth living. 
Disregard everything
Actually a mall Santa Claus 
How crowded is the gym from 2 to 3 pm?
I truly hate being alive!!! 🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱🐱
Most koalas sleep about 22 hours a day. Most college students aspire to be koalas. 
I've been drinking since 9pm last night. 
I've been having a hard time recollecting if something happened in a dream the night before or when I was drunk the night before. Should I stop drinking? 
Not marrying a woman has been around for too long 
Sometimes I still call Shanghai hoping this is a horrible nightmare and someone will pick up to take my order 
If you're a freshman and you never experienced the IB I truly feel so so bad for you bc Geneseo will never be fun again 
Considering not showing up to work for CAS tn so I can continue to binge watch new episodes of House of Cards 
Anyone looking to a polish a knob tonight? 
I wish more people actually approached their Geneseo crush but they're sweet none the less ☺️☺️
If every sorority girl has the BEST big then how do we know who the actual best big is?? :///
What do people think of rlk?
DAY 1 OF SUNYACS LETS GET IT GTF 
Anyone else's internet bugging??
When I know an attractive girl without a boyfriend who wants one I tell everyone she has a boyfriend and then don't make a move on her because I'm a dick lol
Thank you to the girl who brought the adorable puppy to starbucks today...made my day 1000x better!!! 😊😊😊
Can't everybody just love everybody 
This isn't real...
Wake up you're in a coma
If you replace the 'W' in the words 'where' 'what' and 'when' with a 'T' you answer the questions they pose.
I base my life off of bojack horseman
Still uncomfortable taking shits with my suitemates around 
Please just wake up
Snap out of it 
So many beautiful girls at starbucks right now. 😍😍😅
People can be dumb AF with love interests its like yo if you like them tell them you not sure they like you? Then ask
Done w classes for the day. Plan: get wine go home drink wine eat leftover pizza. 
How are there people at Starbucks all day
True waiting for them too 👇
3:00 on a Friday... Let the hookup yaks begin. 
Haven't had sex in so damn long it isn't fair
I spend my Friday afternoons procuring really great hangover food for myself. 
Why isn't the knight spot called the G-Spot? Answer: because nobody would ever find it. 
Alls fair in love and pledging 
Wanting to suite with people but they didn't invite you
If you make eye contact with me more than my other classmates I'm just going to go ahead and assume that you're down to fuck. ;)
Who peed in my sock drawer? 
Me talking about never wearing a bra again... Friend says: 'dude my nipples would be so hard all time!'
I wish the entire human race would go extinct
*Opens Developmental Biology textbook for the first time this semester* Oh shit.....
I've like only eaten cereal and my last two poops have smelled like bacon.
let's have sex again please 
Dr Feissner probably stayed home today because he is colourblind and was embarrassed he would have some bizzare answer to the dress debate
Girl I'd use you like a snorkel 
Muench sees blue and black 
My 'friends' just told me they weren't living with me next year. I'm devastated 
I'm so horny before I go to bed when I'm in bed and after I wake up 👄
Jackie Sharp is a cunt
Turned up the heat in fireside to sweat the APO people out. 
I'm so ready for this semester to be over.
I want to have sex for the first time but with someone who I care about and cares for me back 💚
There's no point in working hard if you don't believe in yourself. Thousands of people have graduated from this school with the grad they wanted you can be another addition.
I've seen every one of the 10516 geneseo crushes and i'm not afraid to admit it....COME ONNNN LUCKY #10517 🙏
Will you use ROCK POLISH on my Pokeballs?
Anyone know the password to gennynakedsnaps
Complimented a girl I found attractive. Got called sexist.
Anyone wanna Kik? Gay and ready to mingle
Is phigs fun?
Ok so no one wants to start a boy band?
Nothing has quite the effect on your ego as knowing you're good at giving blowjobs. 
Schrödinger's dress: it simultaneously exists in both states until forced into one by the act of observation.
IB OPEN for one last time tn
Watching a squirrel build a nest outside my window #turnup
Im going to take a survey of everyone I know about this dress thing so I can break off all friendships with anyone who says black and blue.
There really needs to be an app just for Geneseo crushes.
When you're so cold that you feel like you'll never recover and be cold for the rest of your life
Want to fuck
I'm really kind of heart sick that Spock has passed away. His character on that show really affected me as a child. 
Harsh words cut deeper when they're said by someone you once loved....
Scalding Ramen:1
I'm sorry if i can't make it next week. Hopefully it doesn't hurt to many/if any people. Just a preemptive apology in case i need to.
Who wants to fight my level 99 Swagnetite?
Sturges desks make me feel really fat...
2015: let's nerf the world!
There is a skeleton living inside you at this very instant. 
Where do I submit my bf application for potential gfs to review? 
I just want some really passionate sex and then naked cuddles
Who are the hottest sophomore guys 
Who peed on my floor?
How can a girl get her hands on #5 on the hockey team? 
women are not powerful? oh please i can get your dick up in just a minute in public and there’s nothing you can do bout it
Girls lax is a bunch of dudes
What percentage of the day must I spend not eating if I want a boyfriend?
GREAT! A party with SDT tonight. Those girls fucking suck guess I'll drink at home with some buddies instead.
can anyone pick up some alcohol for me? I'll make it worth your while
I wonder how many times a year a freshman girl literally prostitutes herself for alcohol. It must happen occasionally
Making the move from boxers to boxer briefs.
Open parties tonight?
Now I know why it takes girls so long to get ready in the morning. Dresses changing color? That's gotta make it complicated. 
So classy I bruise gold and white instead of black and blue. 
My idea of sex is rolling over and saying 'just fuck me up.'
Department of Homeland Security runs out of money in 6hrs. 'Murcia 
In the mood for some blow-mance tonight 
Is one considered a narp if they played sports in highschool but then stopped when they got to college? 
Bf from home showed up to surprise me by picking me up from my counseling appt cause he knows I've been struggling. Real men do exist guys. They'll make you learn to love life again.
14 days until spring break guys. It's gonna be great :D you know. Going home and being bored there instead of here.
Girls in the bottom of suffolk: shut the fuck up. You are incredibly annoying. 
Does anyone know when Talor will post the geology grades? 
Anyone wanna toke rn?
APO behavior on Yik Yak is actually deplorable. If other organizations acted like that they would be treated soooo much worse. 
You know you're procrastinating when you sit through an entire hour of a NonoPro hair removal system infomercial with zero interest in buying one.
College has taught me a valuable lesson on how to drink cough medicine like you take a shot 
He broke my heart again for the last time. I am too good of a person to wait for someone to reciprocate the love I express. 
I truly believe Greek Life does more harm than good to the school community
I'll trade anyone bud for alcohol I'll give you a good deal it's important
When you tryna take a pre-party nap but you hyped as fuck. 
Most of the people against greek life are people (largely girls) who did not get a bid to their organization of choice
Everyone hating on Greek life makes me realize what a bunch of passive aggressive little bitches you all are. 
I'm way too frat for the frats here
I would never witness against or report a friend of mine for anything they did unless it was against me or my family
Can we bring the DVC back? 
Sometimes I feel sad that I don't have a guy to come have sex with me. Then I masturbate and like damn I'm good.
Like this if you have a candle-lit shrine to one of your professors that you masturbate shamefully often to
Wearing my white/gold boxers out tonight i'll let you decide what color they really are ;) 
My boss represents everything that is wrong with this world.
Does anyone in steuben have a scale I can check my weight on
For the last time I'm not wearing a wire. It's a heart monitor because of my arrhythmia.
I just need some
9 days till it starts getting lighter outside!!! 🌞🌅🙌
Guy Fieri eats so much on his show that he must be bulimic
I am baffled when people give so many congratulations whenever a woman posts she has learned how to masturbate. STFU she is not quadripelegic she should already know how to  masturbate every man does
Joining APO was the worst decision I made in college. 
The little asian boy in main moon>>>>>
Where my cute azns @@@?
Bongos.
Where is the chow hound??
People who don't understand why a woman might not know how to masturbate: please go see the vagina monologues next year. You are so confused.
Too tired to do much of anything
I just want head
Attention those who are polite to cas workers thank you! All others who don't even say please or thank you don't be surprised if your food seems a little sup par
Any gay girls headed to the statesmen tonight?
Any opens?
Any girl not going out tonight and want to chill
Fuck it. I've held it in long enough. I genuinely don't think HL3 will be 'worth the weight'. Fuck you Gaben and my broken dreams. Fuck you. 
It's Friday FRIDAY...gunna get 👇 on F R I D A Y!
All I want is wine and an orgasm. Is that too much to ask?
shoutout to that pledge wearing a skirt and flats 😂 you cold or nah?
Nene is beautiful <3 I mean damn
All dressed up and nowhere to go 
I just wanna hook up with someone 
It's gonna be forever. Or it's gonna go down in flames.
Which is the worst fraternity and sorority?
And which fraternity and sorority is the best?
My boyfriend just yelled at me for going on yik yak after making 'sweet passionate love.' I love him. 
I wish it was socially acceptable to stay in and watch movies on Fridays instead of going out! 
The only open I'm going to tonight is in my room when I open Netflix 
Sorry for those partying with SDT tonight 
Sorry for those partying with SDT tonight 
Bruh.
Girls- who is your favorite frat to party with Guys- who is your favorite sorority to party with 
Attention girls: your short skirts are so attractive it will be so sexy when I have to spend ten minutes defrosting you before sex
Want some sloppy head...
'Maybe it's Maybelline. Probably it's Photoshop.'
Roric was the original Geneseo arsonist and has been arrested for arson before
Any girls tryin to suck and fuck my DK dick?
Power bottom looking for two guys tonight. Anyone down?
I don't know for sure but I heard SDT has the best looking girls and I would love to party with you sometime 
Gonna join a fraternity become president hold an open advertise on Yik Yak and laugh when nobody comes
'Drink in moderation and no drugs'- Mom
Real men of genius
Is mak open tonight?
Is anyone on campus a psychic? I really want to have my fortune told
Praaaaaaise the sun #hotpf
Some feminists have such a shitty attitude that I think I will dedicate my life to attaining positions of power and using them to oppress women
DK eats puppies
Ben is just shy and looking for love
Roomate: do u ever burp yourself?
Me and Ben are still friends fuck your approval 
Do you like waffles? Yeah we like waffles. Do you like pancakes? Yeah we like pancakes. Do you like French toast? Yeah we like French toast.
Who's just chilling and watching a movie?
Open at ago 
How late are classroom buildings usually open? Specifically Brodie?
Still waiting for that bj
Mike Callahan all star if you know where he lives you can come 
It is too easy for a girl to get laid but if you're average or below average looking guy...you ain't getting shit.
Freshman are welcome 
Black bandana sweet Louisiana ....
Up vote if you love the weekend
Open at signu 
Anyone find keys?
Maybe she's born with it.... Maybe it's juust a disease
Raw cookie dough = life
Big dick mystic known to hypnotize
Boooored
'Don't be a bitch try something new everytime. Turn up for the weekend' - mom
What do you guys think of Muslims? 
Oh my god everyone be at the women's SUNYAC championship game tomorrow at 4 at Shrader!!!
Someone please give me pepperoni pizza
Hasn't been drunk food outside the stizz in a while #bringitback
What the fuck is wrong with me? I thought I was having a good day and the moment I'm completely alone I have suicidal thoughts
Beer
I have had countless dreams of ending my life because I don't belong any where. I don't deserve happiness. I'm just a terrible person and just shouldn't be on this earth anymore 
Sadly the men's bball team fell to Oswego tonight but you can still support Geneseo basketball by coming out and supporting the Women's team while the compete for the Championship! Tmrw @ 4 Schrader.
Sitting in bed rubbing my feet together in that way we do when we're too cozy. There's no reason to go outside tonight. Everyone just climb back in bed. Just do it. It'll feel good. I promise.
Have you ever noticed in a high school movie if a girl is really supposed to be ultra-hot they pick an actress who is not that good looking? Like Regina George in Mean girls
Just lost my gf and really just want to fuck right now
Nothing feels worse than when someone just stops talking to you without saying anything and leaving you to ponder what you screwed up or why you aren't good enough  
Sometimes pooping is just the greatest thing in the world
How do people feel about giving/getting a rimjob 
insanely Short female RA in Livingston you and your friend are both hot as fuck 
My nipple is coming out tonight
Still waiting for that bj
Anyone doing someone fun that I can join?
I sleep with nuts in my bed. A big container of all the different kinds because those are the ones I like most. That way when I get dizzy at 2am I can take a handful of yummy nuts.
Need some bud.. Took a housemates last tokes semi high now and now I need more 🙍
My suitemates are all drinking and partying and I'm just sitting in my room farting
I love hannah from th 27  
I am in bed wearing a flannel and warm socks and listening to some soft music and im so happy and im going to sleep so well ahh ☺️
Just need a guy to smoke with and cuddle up to cuz it's so cold 
Living that mouth-breather life. 
What if this is just one of Bash and Frankie's sick jokes and the IB is being renovated for the spring 
Mention blow jobs to the bartender at Kelly's and she'll give you a free drink. Trust me just do it. 
Any girls who are not out drinking want to get it on with an attractive stranger who will bite ur lip and pull ur hair? 
Now that the season is over I hope I see the hockey guys at the bar 😍😍
Is Mac open 
SDT has their C squad out tn 
Every time I call out the Lord's name during sex I fell like Im playing ding-dong-ditch with God. 
I got blue balls last night. coulda been gold not sure.
Come buy hotdogs outside the statesmen tonight to support relay! 
I did it for the snapchat 
If you ever accidentally fall out of a plane pull your tshirt over your head. It will look like it's just a tshirt falling from the sky and someone will try to grab you. People love free tshirts. 
I eat icecream like I just got out of jail and there's a penis at the bottom of the cone. 
I thought it was ironic when I saw a homeless guy with a set of house keys. Then I looked at the condoms in my wallet and thought the same thing. 
Smoking weeks doesn't make you paranoid it's the shadow monsters. The shadow monsters make you paranoid. 
14 days until spring break
Panama City. 15 days away. 
Why walk to main street when you can get quality hotdogs at the statesmen??
I support violence against women up this if you support violence against women
could have destroyed someone who slighted me but nothing good would have come of it 
Today's generation doesn't stay together for the kids. They stay together for the dog. 
I realized how much I missed his disco stick when I was in the grocery store rubbing eggplants. 
If you can only go to one show this summer I've heard the Nickleback concert is epic. 
The Stiz or nah
Anyone ever see a wooden door in the bathroom and drool and say yes I want to saw one of those fuckers in half
What's the Stiz like on this fine evening?
Yo where's the weed brah
The biggest thing that sucks about having a bf that graduated and has a real job is he passes out at like 11 even on the weekends
Girls what do you consider to be a big dick?
Can't believe I did that 
Hotdogs or had warmers $2 at the statesmen!!!
Relationships are a lot like pancakes. You get really excited for the first bite but half way through you'll be pushing it away saying 'I can't finish this.'
Whoever stole my iPod fuck you
We accept the love we think we deserve.
Admit it you were scared shitless by the Scary Stories to Tell In the Dark books as a kid
I have weird problems from middle school. I was very unpopular and bullied alot until eighth grade then suddenly became very popular which was great but I am pretty sure I have PTSD
The guy across the hall from me spends hours (HOURS) every single day sitting alone in his room and making lightsaber noises
It's weird how much I used to tease when I was in middle school. Now I'm quiet as fuck feel like shit about it and literally nice to everyone. I didn't know guilt could last this long. I messed up.
You know shits real when you work up a sweat while taking a dump
Being the sober one sucks when you have to drive the drunk ones around everywhere.
Save SMAC. Support relay for life. Buy a hot dog.
I HAD A HORRIBLE DAY AND ALL I WANT TO DO IS WAYCH HOUSE OF CARDS AND IT WON'T FUCKING LOAD
Being me sucks. I hate myself.
I'm too drunk to whatever 
Go fuck yourself
Is is just me or does it seem everyone has been so down lately?
I never say goodbye. Either I shall meet the ones I love again or I will die believing so
date idea- me and boy i like make ipod playlist nap together each with one earbud in then i play with his hair and kiss his face? 
It seems like nobody went out tonight....
Friendship is forever. Everything else you have will turn to dust over the eons but the friendships you had will always mean something
Swim is cool as shit 
In prolonged dangerous situations people build very close personal bonds extremely easily with the people around them. This is the cause of Stockholm Syndrome
having a crush on a girl when you're in love with your girlfriend is weird 
That Blade is so hot right now 
Room to myself but no girl to cuddle :(
The swim team are the Narps of all the sports teams
Date idea- extreme blanket fort 
Speaking of fuck girls field hockey. Don't ever host them because they ruin your shit
Medicine hasn't worked therapy hasn't worked everything I've tried hasn't worked and it's so scary 
my roommate is drunk and is freaking out cause she got salsa in her hair
Still waiting for that bj
I want to eat a girl out rn
Shaved and did my hair and makeup nice for nothing. Yay.
Want some sloppy head
Im a guy who really want cuddles right now 
Wow.....seeing Frank Underwood cry....always a fan of House of Cards
What is art
so many ppl out tn 
Doing laundry at 1am because everyone else in the building raids our quad for a working dryer 
Any girl want to watch porn and have some fun? :)
My boyfriend is so mad at me he wouldn't even hug me goodbye after our fight just now
so many ppl out tn 
Playing drunk scrabble and I get dealt VKWZQOX. life is unfair sometimes 
Anyone DTF?
Baking soda I got baking soda everything in my fridge fresh as fuck
Tattoos = turn on 
Daga 4N is where its at.
I am SO thirsty right now
riceroni at 2am bc college
Won't stop puckinge
Any girls want to hookup right now?
Hey you I like you a lot we should do things together that we both enjoy. I believe that you are beautiful and fun. Thank you. -drunk dating kid
Why do I feel like there is only one girl I'll ever love 
I have a great relationship with alcohol. We have been to the hospital and back- Keneally 
Not going to lie I respect people that choose not to drink but I still think they're pretty lame
Be careful of who you meet at this school some people here can switch on you before you blink.
Someone bring me Mac and cheese?
If you stole my anorak tonight from crows I won't hate you I just need it back please it means a lot to me #dphieneedstheirshitback
I just want a girl to cuddle with at night why is that so hard to find???
I think I speak for 99% of this campus when I say no one gives a shit about women's basketball
Untying my shoes has never been so difficult 
My neck my back lick my pussy and my crack 
Well alright then....
Congrats womens basketwall we fucking love u guys love us
Some people are meant to fall in love have happy families and beautiful relationships. And some people are meant to be Claire Underwood. I chose the latter. 😎
Go fuck yourself
What a dick
It sucks that you got lame
I'm a transfer any non weird kids want to meet up and be bros?
Go back to bed
Yeah fuck u dude
The bars here are actually the worst. I always leave feeling disappointed and gross. 
So I had a really vivid dream where I changed genders. Idk what I think but dream me loved it. What is this trying to say?
Dtf
Like I wasn't even there...
Any guys dtf? 
Girls are fucking crazy 
I'm so desperate for affection I'd fuck a man at this point
Guys I'm dtf my kik is thirstygennychick
Any girls wanna dirty talk and mutually masturbate?
Best sex of my fucking life
Just wanna send nudes to someone on snapchat 
Seriously though what group is making people pinch butts at the stizz
Starting to get ready for bed when the birds are starting to wake up outside...solid. 
You look really hot and willing to put out so roll in the cream cheese roll in the cream cheese
The fact that pretty teeth are only known as 'white' and 'straight' is a manifestation of our hatred for minorities
There's a very thick and very fresh blood trail down the sidewalk of university between Milne and Steuben. If everyone ok? Do you need medical attention? Also what the hell did you do?
13 days until spring break
Tomorrow is March. The second best month of the year!
Life shouldn't exist this early. The world should stop for my hangover. 
I hate myself for waking up every morning
Want to thank the Cortland women's basketball team in town for becoming our future Phys Ed teachers 🙌 playing elementary games is DIFFICULT!!!!
I haven't had sex in so long that holding a banana turned me on
Who was the girl in the Orange suit and black leggings killing the statesmen dance floor last night? Saw her turn down 15 guys. Need to know who she is 
Geneseo is the type of school that we call one beer queers
If the last girl I had sex with got pregnant she would have just given birth 
Everyone else is asleep... Will someone have breakfast with me?
*looks at last night's drunk texts* 'whaaat the fuuuuck'
Why was the carpet stripped off my quad in Genessee 
Girls lax is still ugly
I don't understand guys who don't want to use a condom. Like okay I don't know about you but Mr. Dad doesn't sound too good to me.
I just want my boyfriend to completely dominate me in bed and then cuddle me and kiss me while we fall asleep
Laying in bed all day wasn't a thing until like 50 years ago. Good thing I'm young 
If you could beat the shit out of one professor here who would it be?
I thought about not flushing my toilet because I was so proud of my poop and I wanted everyone to see it...
Regular naps prevent old age especially if you take them while driving
I'm so desperate for affection so please someone love me
Is there anything wrong with a guy being really submissive in bed? 
Why is eating alone generally portrayed as a bad thing? Kids in movies that eat alone are always sad. Fuck man I love eating alone. 
Weirdest fucking dreams after a night of drinking
If the girls wore tighter shorts women's basketball would be almost watchable
I love feeling happy. (:
50% :) 50% :(
I need a companion. Girl I guess that must be you. 
Fucked an ex-hookup last night and no feels this morning. Who's the winner now? 
The swim team makes the campus look good congrats girls!
I am literally emotionless I never have feelings for people anymore and have no problems cutting them out of my life without feeling upset.
Procrastinating to the point of trying to find professors on Facebook
Whoever glitter bombed the entirety of Erie can go fuck themselves. 
Hangover? I hardly know 'er!
I've been hearing someone glittered Erie all over?? 😂
My coughs sound like a diesel engine backfiring multiple times 
What if Bash was taking over the Vital??
DTF
I have a dream that one day on trivia crack I'll be asked about planet-relative islands instead of continent or country-relative!
Who's the hockey guy with the man bun? 
That gold dress thing is like ebola. You'll all forget about it in a week
Does anyone else here know who mini Ladd is?
My drunk self needs a muzzle his phone taken away from him a straight jacket basically anything to stop me from the choices I make. 
Good people of yik yak one of your favorite past times is bashing cortland. Lucky for you WBB is taking them on at 4 for the championship. Be there. 
Girls lax is ugly.
Is there a way to get approved to stay over break instead of having to leave the dorm?
How are the chicken and waffles at Fusion?
I used to make CAS puns all the time but that shit just got annoying.
Don't worry you'll get it by finals 
I had a nightmare where I didn't wear my flip flops in the shower
I just want a girl to cuddle and smoke with
I knew my work was gonna be shit about a week ago. I barely tried at all don't seem to care though. But I got time to waste by dancing at the States. Having a good time before I graduate! 
Bring it home tonight basketball! We love you 
Good luck today basketball. Fuck you Cortland
Happy laundry and homework day 
The fact that House of Cards came out during pledging is a travesty. 
Pregaming for championship game starts in 13 minutes 
Win or lose the Cortland team will be teaching their gym classes how to play basketball for years to come 
How do I tell my male fwb/maybe something more that I want him to be aggressive in bed?
All my leggings are ripped in the thigh or crotch area ....ok 
I wonder if guys give better blowjobs because they know what it feels like 
'Yo whoever this Paul McCartney guy is Kanye just blew up his career.'
GO WOMEN'S BBALL WE LOVE YOU also fuck cortland
When you wake up next to someone and have to use your phone's gps to figure out where you are 
oy vey 
Girls lax is mean (and also ugly)
Tan Girl in the Orange who was deadlifting in the gym this morning you're perfect hmu 
Mini megan fox spotted last night at the statesmen 😍
Cortland: where the men are men and the women are too 
All about those fleece sheets
I try not to be a CAS hater. But there's something kind of despicable about trying to sell raw sushi the day after the expiration date. That's how food poisoning happens
Who was the girl deadlifting this morning 
These yaks shitting on Cortland are fucking funny because I'm pretty sure we were the ones on national news 💁
I hate people. I was created by God to punish people. I know my every act of malice and sadism is deserved by my victims
Free fallin
Any girls dtf
Y'all laugh at Cortland but they'll be the ones laughing when they are on welfare and can sleep until noon every day
Overheard in Letchworth: I'm giving up sobriety for lent. 
Geneseo: the only place that has adults looking like teenagers drinking at 'parties'
I am so sick of living with my housemates. They're rude they never pick up and they're just fucking annoying now. 
Geneseo shits on Cortland for gym teachers but forgets their main program here is teaching....
I can't believe how different butt dialing is from a booty call
Anyone find an ipod today or yesterday please lmk!
I literally just started my homework and already want a break
Chill with the fucking Barbie girl please
Just saw a sign saying 'Women shouldn't be taught not to leave their drinks out men should be taught not to drug them'. Men who drug women are intractable assholes or mental cases not gonna work
If my hookup does not come through tonight Im done 
Sometimes all you need is a good shit 👌💩
When you smell something at fusion and your not sure if it's a fart or ethnic food
Fuck it! I'm an adult and if I want a shower beer I'm going to have a shower beer!
mac open?
If a cookie is warm it must be eaten.
Until a few hundred years ago most rich people in Europe wore colourful and most commonly bright red clothes as a status symbol
I hate cookies and chocolate and babies.
When someone hands me a baby I'm like I drop my phone 5 times a day. You want to rethink that decision?
So there's an Arab man flying a plane...
Fuuuuck you dolpheeen and whaaale
SOILED IT. SOILED IT. SOILED IT
Loch Ness monster gonna need about tree fiddy
LEEDLE LEEDLE LEEDLE LEEE
THEY TOOK OUR JOBS
FYI to people who snore
If you are eating and drinking junk all the time and not eating proper mealswhy would you complain that you are obese? Damn you gonna stay unhealthy if you don't eat real food
Why is my roommate such a bitch?
How many fucking times has that been reposted? 👇
Guys I'm not pregnant again! YAY! I'm also a virgin...
how to get the top yak everyday post how many days until spring break
Is the best way to go about trying to have my first experience with a guy through grindr?
MY VAGINA HOLE HURTS FUCK YOU PERIOD
I'm not an alcoholic they go to meetings. I'm a drunk I go to bars and get wasted more than half the week and love it
My roommate has still not figured put that the recycling bin is not just a second trash can
Not that into chocolates but I love flowers and I double love candles 
When is it appropriate to start drinking again? 
As a dude I even gotta say the ice Knights riser at the statesman is sweet. 
Just pooped out like three pounds of my body weight and I feel fucking fabulous
Can the ago girls go to the statesmen tonight? Like I need to see the cute girls of ago 
At birth baby elephants weight about 250 pounds making them the biggest babies on earth right after your bitch ass
When your backpack is so heavy that you tumble down the hill
Bitch better have my money
Why is the no HOT WATER in Jones while it's cold AF?
I thought today was a good day until I realized that AGO is considered the hottest sorority on campus 
Am I still a feminist if I get turned on by being objectified by my sexual partner? 😣
I need some guy to give me a good hard and rough fuck and spanking damn in so fucking horny 😍😍👅💦💦
Heeeeeyyyyyy we want some pussy
Had a productive day so far. Woke up at 12 ate  watched Netflix had accidental phone sex with ex ....
If you need bud hmu 585 496 6543
Look at me. Im the captain now.
Just woke up
If a girl connects with you on LinkedIn that means she wants to bang you...right? 
Kids in the meadows having a party. So happy and jealous of you guys <3 enjoy! 
Being bi is the best I have so many options and can pretend to be just straight or just gay if I need to
It feels like summer baby! 
I hate my boyfriend I want a new one 
If you're not at Schrader right now I'm judging you
ando
Fern 
Does anyone know if there are still tickets too the soul food dinner
I hate when people complain that my taste in women is 'generic' like I should feel guilty for wanting someone conventionally attractive rather than a girl with purple dreadlocks and morbid obesity
Dick... Sucked your bfs 
I hate this place
I just saw a very repugnant sign in my dorm saying posting on facebook that I am going on vacation is just asking for my house to be robbed. I thought we as a culture had gotten past blaming victims
Kik me girls
I've been living off of coffee and adderall 
Raise your hand if you're wearing fabletics right now
FUCK CORTLAND 
💵 here bitch this is for last night 
Poop = 5min. Poop + phone = 15 min. Poop + phone + wifi = 55 min.
My grandma just told me to stay away from foods with 'choke' in it
Binge-watching some Star Trek 'cuz Spock died
At least the gym is empty
Yik Yak weak today
Watching a squirrel outside my window repeatedly try to mount another squirrel. Even the squirrels are getting more pussy than me... 
Watching Star Trek II: Wrath of Khan tonight in honor of Leonard Nimoy. LLAP. 
My best friend is talking shit about me and my boyfriend is mad at me.
Are they not selling Girl Scout cookies in the Union this year? I NEED MY FIX. 
I miss my dog so much. 
I'm going to change my facebook username to NOBODY so that way when people post crappy posts and I press the like button it will say NOBODY likes this
Shall I compare thee to a summer day. Cause thou hast no class
Whoever said technology would replace all paper obviously hasn't tried wiping their but with an IPad. 
　　／ ⌒＼____ 　 /・　　 ）　　\ 　/ノへ ノ　　　 /| ノ　　  ＼\ |/_/_/ 　　　  ヽ(･Д･)ﾉ 　　　　　|　/  　　　　　UU 
Today I have been sober for 100 days. Not like in a row or anything. Just in total.
It's so hard to eat healthy here. Everything is disgusting so I resort to snacking but that never fills me up so I'm just left wanting real food but never being able to get it. 
Any suggestions on how to study for Raynor's sport and exercise psych tests? 
Lol at Claire Underwood peeing in front of a dude like its no big thing. What a bad ass bitch. 
whats the best sorority on campus?
Fuck this shit. Ash Ketchum never has homework...
NO POSTING HOUSE OF CARDS SPOILERS ON YIKYAK 🇺🇸🇺🇸
Q: Why did Tigger look in the toilet?  A: Because he was looking for Pooh   
Swimming in debt still counts as cardio.... Right?
I matched with my friend on tinder do I go for it or cherish our friendship? 
Why do fat women seem to get offended by the most things? 
RIP Meechum
Today I learned that I'm a racist because I find white girls more attractive than non-white girls thanks YikYak! 
I kinda wanna try tinder but don't want anyone to know that I'm desperate enough for sex to try tinder. 
Geneseo kids love to get offended by things 
Ash Ketchum is out there trying to be the very best that no one ever was. And I'm like 'If I start studying tomorrow night I might be able to get above a 30'
I get high to forget about the lows.
How hard is it to keep the shelves at southside stocked...
If you find white girls attractive but not non-white girls you're a racist...the more you know because knowledge is power!
*controversial stance on a controversial issue* (please take extremist positions and rudely insult one another)
Shot myself in the foot so I don't have to go to the SDT party
Doing homework is a better way to spend a Saturday night than going to a party with RLK
I masturbate with icy hot and sandpaper 
*sauces pizza Brring it arround towwnnn
SUNYAC CHAMPSSSSS
Cortland sucks
About to check out Syracuse's yikyak game What should I expect?
All the white kids here are either kiss asses to minorities or racists 
I'm a proud white straight male. Sure in the past people like me made some mistakes so you should automatically be mad at me for them! 
Why is cortland relevant to us 
I lament contact lenses because girls in glasses are so attractive 
Someone tell me a story 
Every time in my life has been weird in its own special way
Yak is slow today... Where is everyone!? Come back people this is how I socialize!
My deepest darkest secret: I wash my hands only when people are near........
All this hate towards white people... Bill Lofquist needs to get off YikYak 
My suitemate just pierced her belly button in the bathroom...
When I spell apple it gets changed to Apple. Conceited bitches 
I just want wine Chinese food and intense passionate sex
If your race is the only thing you strongly identify with then your world views are probably as shallow as your personality. Unsurprising. 
... Mooorrnin neggaarr
Gonna graduate before this Mia's gets delivered 
Is it only guys that play with themselves when they get bored? If I had boobs and was bored I would totally just grab them and be like '...boobs😏'
Looking for some fifty shades of grey type love... Just you know without the creepiness awkward dialog and shit character development 
When tinderella suddenly stops responding... Bitch we had a connection! You said you liked my puppy picture! 😩
Merl were gonna find you tonight  
😔 I've lied for up votes before
Imma use white out as coverup cuz I'm so fuckin white 
I wonder how many times that my teachers called in sick in elementary school were just because they were hungover 
What do you think happens when we die seriously I wanna hear some exotic theories.
BSU dinner. Can't wait t devour this food!! 
Takes me an hour to want to change after work. Apparently I like living in filth 
Mango pit is to me as bone is to dog 
I just want sex
Almost every single person who claims not to be even a slight bit racist is a liar.
I really hope I lose my virginity before I graduate in May. 
Living the naked life 
When you run out of tp and have to lick your asshole clean <<<     #hissss
CONGRATS WOMEN'S BASKETBALL TEAM!!!! SUNYAC CHAMPS!!!
Fuck the sun - physics major 
I don't have a cocaine habit I just enjoy the smell
Air bud should be on Netflix 
It's SUNYAC's people. Not NCAA champs.
Exploding bubble gum. I don't get it.
Guys real talk; what's your success rate been with tinder in terms of getting some? 
I'm as fearful as spingebob was 
(._.) (|:) (.-.) ( :|) (._.)  They see me rollin'. They hatin'
It would be great if Niagara 205 would stop blasting music 
RA Phill <3
If you're into pseudo-intellectuals SUNY Geneseo is the place for you! 
i pɐǝɥ ʎɯ oʇ ƃuıɥsnɹ sı pooןq ǝɥʇ ןן∀
Sleeping in a thong is the worst
To the person who just commented pork chop sandwiches before the post got deleted. I love you.
So who wants to go with me to see Niagara Falls frozen over? 
If we're in bed cuddling and you're pushing your ass against me you better believe I'm gonna have a boner
Sometimes I wonder about my soulmate... Maybe I accidentally swiped her left? Idk idk 
So it's pretty nice out rn
I don't like to tease myself on tinder so I swipe right to everyone and filter out the no-no's I get matched with 😃
Meet me near the cats
Where can I get one of them pimp trick gangsta click cds??
^ if you're dressed better than the guy in a polo at BSU. Smh 
Vigorously popping!!!
Opens??
Anywhere to go tonight? 
Rlk open
Sdt open
Dk open 
Mac open
Ago open
You stay in the shower until the shower beer is finished #guycode 
Repeat after me: no opens! Join an organization or get lucky enough to have a good friend in one
Legs open ;)
Fuck you I'll be attracted to whomever I want 
Thusa open
Clio open
Phi cap open
Sign tau open
Sig nu open
Crows open 
Hockey open
GDI open
Basketball open
WOMENS BASKETBALL you all rock! Can't wait to see you out tonight! SUNYAC CHAMPS!!!
Lacrosse open
Rugby open
Zbxi open
I want to have a girls' night. Wine and a movie. Ladies who is down?? I'm dead serious let's get some pinot!!
How does on hit on a girl?
How helpful is Lauderdale Health Center if you have the flu?
Fuck greek lifee
Bitch who do you love?
Bout to mac on some biddies 
Whenever yik yak decides to end this app they should reveal the name of every person involved in any post you were involved with
feed me pizza 🐋
Tried to take a panorama of my dick today but I turned the wrong way and now it looks like a chode
Not cleaning my room before I go out tn because I've finally come to terms with the fact that I never bring a girl back. 
I don't care if you're black white or bright blue(thank you guardians of the galaxy) I like a slim bod and dainty facial features. They are just most common attributes of white girls.
The millennial generation is really good at the oppression olympics. 
You know it's real when your watch is set to bar time
Staying in. Comfy sweatpants and food. Sounds good to me
I wonder if this is what Bill Clinton envisioned when he invented the internet 
Millenials: the whiniest generation
Clean up: aisle my panties
At least friend zone me! 
Does BSU's Eboard elections involve dance auditions? Amazing show!
I wish there was mascara for my vagina 
Humans can become extremely violent when in a panic and much stronger than usual. Panic response in humans is unpredictable and you might be one of the violent ones and not know it
Is it too late to ask for a booty call? Girls? 
PARTY IN MY PANTS
I've been crossing mountains for someone who wouldn't jump puddles for me. Fuck that
Some one come chill 
I need vodka. I'm in livingston. Who's gonna help a girl out?
  Touch my butt 
Just passing by going back to hornell from state qualifiers. Hi guys👋👋
My professor is giving me such a hard time and it's starting to take a toll on me. 
Upvote if you're staying in tn to chill!
drinking until I'm single
When I was hurting. Your girl was the only one hurting with me. I could see it 
 looking to give head 5167087980 
If you think the term ethnic is offensive you're the reason society is overly PC and everyone feels entitled to be offended constantly. Read the dictionary.
Just shit in a sneaker #shittalking 
So full of soul food that I coughed and accidentally peed myself
Up this if you are wearing fabletics 
The yaks about staying in with pizza have inspired me tn. Thank you. Sincerely 13 episodes deep.
I think my hands are frost bitten 
When does cheer start accepting girls again?
People who sing along to their music while walking in public just wondering: WHY
Met a girl today who made me question my sexuality. 
You aint from Kingston stop Jafakin
Yik yakkers are a feisty breed 
I support hazing because traumatic bonding helps build deep friendships. That's the reason some people say they had the time of their lives while fighting a war. Hazing fosters traumatic bonding
When does cheer do tryouts again?
My penis wears a monocle. 
 Favorite rule for kings cup: day bitch at the end of every sentence.
Going to experience drunk people for the first time tonight
I don't see why girls are interested in me
I plan to join the military at some point as an enlisted. Should I become a Navy SEAL? I am an extremely violent person very talented at fighting. I can control myself though and am well-adjusted
I do see why girls aren't interested in me
This hit that ice cold Michelle Phiffer that black blue
Yooooo those AOPoops be selling hot dogs!!!! #godbless 
Are you ready kids? AYE AYE CAPTAIN. I can't hear you! AYE AYE CAPTAIN. Oohhhh who lives with a GPA under a C?
So what's up with the paper  in the men's room at the idle? Under lock and key. I don't understand 
Can anyone in kennisons hum class tell me if we have exam 2 coming up soon? 
Stayin in on a Saturday livin that single life... Girls anyone looking for a cuddle buddy inquire within. 
If you really want me to call you a 'smart phone' then you have to learn that I have never once meant 'fracking bullsharks'
Friends are like wedgies. . . It feels great when you pick out a good one
everything's a dildo if you're brave enough
Yak
I've never been in so much emotional pain
Session
Drunk
My life is a living hell
Legalize Crystal Weed
SNL is on point tonight 
I have a serious mancrush on Edward Norton 
I don't fuck with YOUUUUU
Bus drivers who.stop where you want you da real mvp
Ilu gennyseo thx 4 being da real MVP every day. I luv you guys so much we're the best💕💕💕💕
I am drunk and pooping right jow what are you doing with your life question mark 
Who the fuck is Fred 
I haven't gone anywhere in 2 days and now my muscles hurt
you know you've made it in life when you're both turned on beyond belief and also madly in love at the same time 
I'm so shy that it stops me from making any friends. Whenever I go a little out of my comfort zone I feel like I can't breathe and need to run away..
Was going to do hw but then FUCKING MOTHER NATURE. I'm going back to sleep. 
Got home from going out and decided to melt some chocolate. I am now dipping cookies and fruit into said chocolate and eating it
How long are the GFR meetings usually?
Macknanimous
When all three of your hookups hit you up in one night <<<<
When you drunk in a foreign land <<< ¿?
Those girls dancing on the hockey risers are trashy af 
Picked the worst weekend not to shave 😔😔
You're the most beautiful boy I've ever seen I just wish I was what you want 
I am amazed one human can produce this much snot 
I feel like playing Pokemon or Sims while drunk should be on everyone's bucket list.
Stupid ass niggas fighting outside the meadows building 1
I just learned that baby-cut carrots come from normal carrots 
Those volleyball girls tonight>>>😍😍 #datass
Gay guys at the statesman where you at
Down to my last tissue 😩
I wonder if sluts know that they're sluts
Trying to get eaten out 👅
And Simmons is in charge of confetti!
Why is Phi Lamb such cunts to their sisters
What do I do if my s/o doesn't know how to understand my anxiety? 
Your eyelashes are so long but your name is so short
I'm an ugly fat stupid asshole
Two statesmen employees looking for regular hookups on the weekends! Must be tall and not exceptionally blackout. This is serious boys we are hot and we need sex. 😉
2:04 time to snore 
Honestly give this a thumbs up if you'll give a gay bro some dick
Do any girls with kik want to meet up tn?
I'm so frustrated with my inability to get laid I'm strongly considering fucking a dude even though I'm 100% straight just to get it over with.
What I wouldn't give for a moderately attractive guy friend to hook up with right now 
Cops in the Meadows?
Bought a fleshlight it was the wrong size.  Now I've got a useless thing that people will judge me for.
Can people PLEASE try and be mature and somewhat respectful for once in their lives? I'm sick of being one of the only ones :/ 
While you were leaving the Vital tonight I pretty much asked you if you were gay. Are you? That one kid and you were pretty close. 
I'm so horny
People that text back right away 
I just want to lose my virginity...
Is it considered morning wood if you wake up at 3am
Looking for female friends.  Leave your kiks if you don't mind 
Seriously why does everyone hate Cortland? 
Taking a hot shower and then going straight to bed is the best
Who else is up? 
The familiar sound of birds outside this morning. Spring is that you? ❤️🌻
Sooooo Kanye released the title of his album last night while we were all drunk. I'm glad that wasn't just a figment of my imagination. Also I cannot wait until it's released.
update: i acquired pizza and slept well. what a wonderful Saturday night 🐋
The morning after being drunk and high 😣<<<<<
Just when I thought I saw the grass it snowed me back in 
Wake up chug water crave water
Why are you guys all fucking desperate losers
Wanna cuddle and have some fun? 
When you wake up to a stranger in your bed...lol
I've never been so happy to wake up to period cramps #blessed 
This sucks. I bet Ash Ketchum never has to worry about hangovers.
With enough equipment and expertise you could probably kidnap a random person and successfully condition them to be heavily sexually aroused by your voice or some shit
Still waiting for that bj
Did anyone find an iPhone 5 with a green/blue case last night? 
Seen in comments of another post 'I'm straight but I want to rail out another guy' ...you aren't  straight bro 
Kanye is a gay fish
Upvote if you agree Gfr frittata is the best breakfast food
Fred durst was a dry guy
Somehow everything that I need for the day smells like beer. It's gunna be a rough time
Swiggity swooty I'm gonna fuck yo bitch 
So stressed out about everything that I'm spotting 2 weeks early again. Thanks everyone for contributing. 
there really needs to be some kind of service that delivers food to my bed when I'm hungover on weekends
Spring is better than winter but summer is far better than spring I can't wait for warmer weather 
If anyone found a black coat with fur at the tip of the cost to keep your neck warm along with a blue under amour bag please respond  
Left the lab around 11:30 last night... About to head back in
Still cant believe that huge fight in the meadows last night
Cannot believe Ari hit another girl last night at the bar... She has a serious anger problem 
People perceived as normal are the biggest minority here
It's safe walking across Campus alone drunk at 2am right? Just questioning my decision last night... Like its fucking geneseo 
I like fish and cats 👉👌
I have a more detailed plan for if I fail out than if I actually get my degree
Why was there a guy in daga squeezing a tube of toothpaste into his ass last night? How drunk was he?
To all the people at the statesman Friday hating on my Giroud jersey he scored today ☕️🐸
I shouldn't be allowed to be within a mile of ice cream when I am high
Slept with socks on last night #wut
Garbage plates in Letch?
Don't want to leave my bed
Alphabet soup? More like Times New Ramen
Can someone confirm if there are garbage plates at Letch?  This is important.
'40 degrees on Sunday' my ass
bacon good
How are the breakfast burritos at fusion?
Are brodie hall and the practice rooms open today?
The most exciting part of my day will probably be changing my puppy calendar from the February puppy to the March one...
Monday tests should be illegal 
Fuck everyone from Monroe spring 2013 you all turned to shit goes to show how quickly college can ruin a group of 150 people
anybody in geneseo into HxC kink?
27 degrees? Fucking Paradise. 
Is letch brunch open ? I don't see the menu up online
I feel like I'm living a nightmare. I keep having panic attacks like I feel like I'm about to die. I don't know how to stop these. 
Sorry for the yak spam but I need to find the girl in the gym who was deadlifting yesterday she is perfect 
Need some penis stimulation 
Wow looks like a lot of you 13'ers have yak. The greatest part is that most of you make Harry dole look like a nice human. That's saying some shit
High school: I have a test this week :( College: I have 3 papers 2 exams a midterm 4 shifts at work 3 mental breakdowns 4 gallons of coffee and not enough sleep. 
Thanks to the 4 girls in Suffolk that live on the 4th floor 
Any takers for supplying the penis stimulation?
Does it count as morning wood if I'm horny at noon?
Was it me or was everybody at the statesman last night on a new level of horny 
Any girls wanna take my virginity  
Does anyone else feel like the you who talks to acquaintances is performative and vastly different from the real you?  
A Dalmatian: the only thing spottier than Geneseo's wifi. 
Go boys lax!! Beat clarkson
Woke up to my earlobe being bit. Thought it was my hookup from last night so I rolled over only to find my cat staring at me and no hookup next to me. 
You just don't satisfy me sexually anymore.
Just heard some girl say that 'it's freezing.' She clearly doesn't go here because the last time I checked 30 degrees = summer. 
Yes more snow! I was worried I saw grass for a couple seconds there. 
Cuddle and fun?
Even if we're together until we're 100 that's not enough for me. Why is life so short?
The closer I get to graduation the lower my sexual standards get. 
Sometimes as I drift along I think back to you. Maybe you were just a rock that I floated aimlessly by. Or Maybe you're the riverbank that sometimes I just can't see.
Gonna stay in bed and watch Netflix today. Anyone wanna join? :)
Any girls in the meadows wanna come give me head 
Geneseo crushes= girls that get laid writing about their friends that dont get laid girls that don't get laid writing about guys that do get laid and guys that do get laid fucking with their friends
TALOR Y U NO POST TEST GRADES?! 
Period shits are ruining my life
About last night....
Thoughts on the eyebrow place on main street?
Poutine and Punani- new album by Drake 
AKPsi sux balls lol 
That moment when you're in line for a Wegmans sub ripped as fuck with almost an ounce on ya then there's suddenly 50 Livingston County Cops all come in to get some lunch.
After a night of sin I like to wear my 'modest is hottest' t-shirt
Bored af..😩
We cook bacon but bake cookies
YNWA
Why is everyone so lazy like you can't go see things or check them for yourself you have to ask yik yak wtf
I can honestly say in my 2.5 years of college I've never been bored. 
Would love to hook up with a black girl 
I just want a job that is easy and pleasant I don't care if it doesn't pay well as long as I make enough to be able to afford internet and air conditioning
The hockey team: the only organization in Geneseo more catty than klios.
Some people need to learn to keep their mouths shut at parties. It's none of your damn business. 
I can only withdraw from a class right? There is no Pass/Fail option anymore?
IT IS SO WARM OUT
I regret not bringing my headphones on the stir fry line so I could watch an entire episode on Netflix while I wait 😒
The hockey team: the only Geneseo organization more catty than clios
I'm currently reading an article titled 'the 'rich dogs of Instagram' are total ballers' to avoid writing a paper.
Anyone wanna hang out with me? I have no friends 😔
RLK are the GDI's of the Greek community 
Lol
I feel the reason why I have a low meal balance has to do with the CAS workers repeatedly swiping my card💡
people walking around campus without a jacket because it's 30 degrees out
I was so drunk last night--- I asked a girl to buy me a drink bc I said all I had was quarters. I'm sorry.  
Wish there was just an I quit button for pledging 
When you're spooning your girl and she does that booty grind against you to let you know it's game time >>> 
Song and Goldberg had sex this morning 
The combination of a hangover and a day full of work is somewhere south of fun
How do people stay friends with someone that they like as more than a friend
Freaking the fuck out for this sports & exercise psych test 
Would love to hook up with a black girl they are gorgeous 
Gennynakedsnaps needs more dicks
What is gammas pledging like?
People are so grumpy this morning
Freshmen: please stop asking stupid and annoying questions on yik yak learn from ur own experiences thnx
Does everyone in geneseo have kik or
Good morning 
Just down voted every yak 
12 days until spring break
I just googled 'wine pairing for mac and cheese' so that's how today is going
Respect for Greeks who talk about things other than Greek life
I wonder if professors have yik yak
Write as much in emoji as possible
What are these:🍢🗾♨️🈵🈸📳💮🔱👖🐌
I miss the days when I was more confident...but then I was naiive
The winter has aged me by 10 years.
Any guy that plays 'Love me like you do' for me is getting 50 shades of laid.
Just heard a pen drop as if someone's world just ended. Stay strong.
When's the book fair? My mom gave me money for the new Animorphs
Does the rest of the semester go by quickly after spring break?
Is it just me or is the clock tower off by an hour?
Strangers are usually nicer to me than my actual 'friends.' Why is that? 
What does exploding bubble gum and pussy have in common?                I don't get it.
3 years ago today I was accepted to this weird wonderful place 
Greek tree looks hideous right now
this humn paper will be the reason I don't make it to spring break. I'm over it 
Visiting from UR. Hey guys!
The 'weirdos' who are unapologetically themselves always have a lot of friends..
Vi sitter i Ventrilo och spelar DotA
'yeah of course I can paint your ceiling.' Michelangelo scoffed to himself 'gonna paint a bunch of dudes with they dicks out on it tho' 
I guess Mother Nature sensed that too much snow melted 😒
Oh wow today is pretty warm out compared to how it has been....ANNND IT'S BLIZZARDING AGAIN
What? Me? Procrastinate? I say as I procrastinate 
Sooo.. anyone else in a stats class not understand anything about anything? 
We're gonna pitchslap you so hard your man boobs are gonna cave in.
people on here are the absolute literal worst  
There's really no point in virgins getting their period. Like I know I'm not pregnant but thanks for making me feel like hell every month
Any girl just wanna smoke? I'm not trying to hook up
CAS PRICES ARE TOO DAMN HIGH
Guys we can change our vote for yaks now. So if you accidentally downed a yak you can up it! 
Just so everyone is aware the ice volcano at letch is a frozen fountain not a geyser.  There are no geysers in western NY
Finally figured out what I wanna do in life and that's to get high and mow lawns
I've said a lot of strange things to you but at the end of the day you're the one who's missing out 
Any girls want to hook up
My buddy sends me a snapchat of him blowdrying his balls (what the fuck)...you can hear his girlfriend ask 'what are you doing' he responds with 'heating up your dinner'
Con: pizza delivery guy wasn't a stripper Pro: he still brought us pizza
Hoping that this month CAS food comes in my body like a lion and out like a lamb instead of the other way around as usual
Geneseo crushes more like Geneseo my soul is being crushed ayyyyy
Procrastination level: slowly shredding a tissue into equal-sized pieces and deleting emails
Can the blonde and soccer girl stop writing geneseo crushes about eachother and start taking turns sitting on my face? 
Came in this girls eyes last night glued her eyes shut! Good times reminded me of when I was a savage freshman year 
F=ma physics grade 
You can tell which professes have shirty sex lives 
Imagine taking a toothpick putting it under your toenail and then kicking a wall. Upvote if you cringed.
I would rather have someone repeatedly slam  a drawer filled with fireants on my balls than go to my 8:30 class tomorrow.
what's the best thing to get from main moon 
Thank goodness I was afraid we weren't going to have a blizzard this week
I bet Ash Ketchum didn't have to do lab reports...
Fuck outta here👇
Sometimes I stick pepperoni on my face and pretend I'm a pizza.
Current mood: rabbit that still hasn't got his trix after all these years... 
Do you think in Pokemon people fuck their pokemon? 
People are so grumpy today
Shout out to all ladies down in the uninion you're all beautiful! And put me to shame as I walked by in my oh so comfy sweats 
So guys swimming in debt counts as cardio right?
I always eye fuck with this girl in my english class. It's really nice... But I hope she wants to take it a step further 😏
I love when I take a girl home and find out she has a big dick like score!! 
The show broad city is so RLK 
What's going on in the ballroom in the union?
Doctor Jones again we see there is nothing you can possess which I cannot take away. 
Spending my Sunday with NASCAR and beer. I love my simple life.
I love when I'm holding a girl in bed and she lets me lick the peanut butter out of her hair.
Sometimes I feel like putting my dick inside a meat grinder just for something to do.
I wish shaving my butthole wasn't this hard...
I don't understand why i haven't made any friends here. I tried putting myself out there but nobody wants to talk to me. I am really regretting my decision to come to Geneseo. 
I wish I had a thin piece of really splintery wood so I could use a hammer to force it into my dickhole. That way the infection would make my dick swell and grow a couple inches.
Fck this weather. Always coming back for more. STOP TROLLING US! U WIN! 
When is aagesen's human geog paper due?
I don't know what to do with myself on weekends. Homework is definitely not the answer.
Anyone wanna smoke and then fuck
Is the wifi being extra shitty for any particular reason other than to piss me off?
I don't wanna do today or tomorrow or all week for that matter.
I want to see 50 shades of grey so bad but all of my friends think I'm joking when I bring it up 
Yak posts weird af right now...
50 grades of shame
Stoned playing Pokemon Sapphire 👌
Am I in purgatory? It's warm but snowing? It's bright out but the sky is gray and dark? Did I die?
Any girls in the meadows need a homework break? ;)
I'm still in bed
People who haze are just little pussies who got shoved into lockers in high school so they want to feel cool in college
Ice cream for dinner is totally acceptable when you're studying for an 8:30 am midterm
What's going on at the Union?
One time I hung out with a Phi Kap dude and all he could do was compare the best tits from each organization
SIP! (the app of yak and snap combined). 👌
If prostitution was legal I would do it in a heartbeat.  
All the jealous girls voted my yak about marissa. Jealous ugos 
Let's all remember what's important here: we're all better than people in APO 
Yik Yak is weird as fuck today
I pee in the shower when my roommates are using the toilet 
I consider Sunday's successful if I get out of bed and manage to put on a pair of pants 
Shopping for a graduation dress instead of studying that's productive right?
I want to fuck this guy soooo bad but I'm afraid shit will be weird after. What to do?
Kids who cry and bitch about hazing are worse than the frat stars at sec schools who actually haze their pledges. Chill kids this is Geneseo not Bama 
Idgaf to talk about hazing. Let's move on Yik yak 
Ambulance and fire trucks entering the meadows?
DK murders cats. ALL CAT PEOPLE UNITE TO SAVE THE KITTIES OF GENESEO!!! 😿
Lax 2-0 let's go!
Why all the hazing talk?  
I took an upper decker at one of the sorority houses last night 
Why are geneseo kids such cry baby liberals? Life isn't gonna be fair and politically correct kids really hope you guys figure that out soon 
I'm a gdi/narp and I support hazing 
I support hazing!
My apartment building is on fire. Cool!
Meadows lit rn 
I feel like sucking your own dick would be a lot more like sucking a dick than getting your dick sucked
Tell me the details!?!?
Fire truck yak
Where's the fire?
What's going on at the meadows?!
Sherbert or Sherbet?
Obviously the black kids in the meadows started the fire
Everyone was happy this morning because it was warm then Mother Nature pulled a big fuck you with this snow
Someone left a pan on the stove at the meadows then left. Smoke detector going off neighbor called the police. Everything is fine they're leaving now. 
When you finish checking all the social networking sites and are forced to stop procrastinating <<<
Rabble rabble rabble greek life rabble rabble rabble
Does anyone know what happened in the meadows 
I HATE when they put they put the cheese on one side of the sandwich and the meat on the other like noooooooooo fusion!!! Cheese on top!!!!!!!!! 
12 days until spring break ☀️😻
I wonder what it's like to not be sick
Do other girls shave their buttholes?
I've always wondered how people can lay in bed all day and today I found out
I feel like I just pooped out my whole body weight. Workout for the day is complete. 
When girls say on their IG photos... 'Ugly' I'm very tempted to just say 'yes you are' because they are attention whores.
Can someone please tell me why there were 3 fire trucks in the meadows...? So intrigued. #nosyneighbor 
This weekend has been the worst weekend I've ever experienced. I'm so depressed and sad and confused I just don't want to be around anything anymore.
Gonna be so weird when I don't have roommates to just kick it with on days like today
I'm a cat and a mother. I gave birth to a beautiful kitten last year that was killed by a bunch of DKs 😿 please help spread awareness in the name of my kitten
Moms Against Drunk Hazing👇
When someone said IG meaning Instagram I immediately thought 'immunoglobulins'. I think it's time to take a break from studying...
I wish mycourses would stay logged in as long as it takes to log into a Milne computer
Professors who send out detailed study guides you da real mvp 
How do you stop thinking about a bad hookup.
Do girls here not see future success in guys/go after potential or do they just only mess with fuckboys?
I just want to be dominated. I'm such a sexual creature but I'm trying so hard to be good. Its literally painful.
I just want a girl to ravage me
date party ruins lives 
What so people hope to accomplish by commenting 'repost?' If it is funny who cares where they took it from? I just wanna laugh
I just want more than 1.5 actual friends here
There was barbeque sauce in the ketchup pump at letch 
I don't know about you but I'm feeling 22 everything will be alright if you have mental stability and a large bank account
Am I an alcoholic if I have no trouble at all drinking the bottle at date party 
I need someone to slap me across the face everytime I get distracted from my work. 
If I hear one more bro tell me I being an asshole gets you chicks I might just fucking go off 
Sometimes Im not sure how my boyfriend survived before me 
That was a roller-coaster of a weekend holy guacamole 
I like down state girls better they just seem more realistic and honest with their intentions. Less bullshit is hotter
I hate people. They are all fake and selfish. Occasionally you meet someone who puts in the effort not to be fake they are often even more annoying. You can't win with humans
Had great sex for two hours last night but I still can't think about anything but getting laid #SOS #HaveToStudy
The amount of fuck boys at this school....
Yeah JB sucks but why even bring him up he's been irrelevant for like three years. 
Stop for a moment. Breathe. Clear your mind. Everything will be okay. I promise. It's just one assignment or one test or one class. They don't matter. You do. Relax. Count to three. Focus. Now go. 
All you sex fiends need some Jesus 
If you're depressed remember you aren't Justin Bieber and you deserve to live. 
Hey O'Neil can geneseo breathe yet? 
I'd say that group projects include the whole group 0% of the time which really really reaaaaallllllly sucks
So happy geneseo can breathe again!! 
Sometimes when I get bored I find someone to piss off on Yik Yak. It's so entertaining! 
Geneseo can breathe BUT I CANT ITS TOO FUCKING COLD
Fuck life I am always lonely and bored and stressed at the same time. It is only going to get worse.
Orange yikyaks are my favorite
Sometimes I look in the mirror and I'm like 'damn I look good'
I love the white privilege at this school 🙌
Got food poisoning from CAS for the second time this year ... 
Why doesn't CAS sell antacids?
Not everyone is beautiful. Some people are ugly. This has nothing to do with personality but some people are just ugly.
I've never seen Frozen because I live it 8 months out of the year. 
Vegetarian taco tuesday...HA...they should move it to waste of time wednesday
my bf and I FaceTimed for 6 hours today lol 
I just want someone to hold me
Procrastination Level: Folding my gum wrappers into little rectangles
HOUSE OF CARDS OMG
The Campaign is seriously underrated... Zack Galifinakis at his best
Yik yakking while doing her from behind 
San Francisco... It means 'A Whale's Vagina' 
Why do sorority girls love their anoraks so much? 
I like my men like I like my showers: long and warm
I just really don't like mustard 
Sorry professor I don't know the answer but would you like to hear all about my family line.....
Alright I think we can all agree that everyone here is reasonably smart.... How the fuck are people still mixing up 'your' and 'you're'? 
If you're waiting for the waiter aren't you the waiter.
Have you ever put butter on a poptart? It's so freakin good
Hillary Clinton was in SDT 
Every US president except two has been in a fraternity. So please continue to shit on Greek life cause we can't hear you from the top. 
Girl singing in livingston  So lovely  but please quiet down.
Guys stop shitting on GDI life. It's our decision if we don't want to haze people
this low self-esteem thing is getting reaaaaal old 
When you leave your building in the most inconvenient way ever to avoid seeing anyone 
Sunday night is when I'm most productive. And stressed.
Fuck you max
Talking to my parents officially stresses me out more than it comforts me. I don't like this turning point in my life. 
Fuck blue wave 
The only reason yaks that shit on blue wave get deleted is cause there's a million people on the team. No one actually likes them. 
No one cares about swimming. Hockey basketball lacrosse and soccer are where it's at. 
I can't walk across campus without seeing someone who has had my genitals in their mouth. 
we both agreed to have nothing serious but tbh I can't stop thinking about you 
Parts of the Bible are as dark as fuck. There is an entire section which is 42 chapters of a guy with really shitty luck begging for death while his friends shit all over him for having such bad luck
Need advice for being pre-law. Anyone please? 
My point has been proven. No one likes the swim team except the swim team. Haven't you noticed when NO ONE goes to your meets? Get over yourselves. Swimming sucks.  
Currently throwing up CAS 'vegetable salad'
Dance team is hot 
Is lacrosse club open to anyone? I'm an intermediate player not best.
Anyone have kennison for humanities? I have a question.
That moment when the CAS worker letch knows my order and name.
If you live in Wyoming please get your shit out of the dryer. Thank you :)
*Hits Blunt* Bruh if we bring this weed to the quiet section will we be shushed or arrested?
Saw this disgusting dude in class stick his hand down his jeans pull them out and sniff them. Why the fuck do you need to smell your dick in class? 
Mother Nature must have been procrastinating on yik yak and forgot to make it snow today. 
What are the most edible things from main moon?
Looking forward to April Fool's Day
These fucking girls on the third floor of niagara have been cackling nonstop for like 30 minutes. Nothing is that funny 
You never really cherish 2 ply toilet paper until you come to school
Does anyone experience déjà vu on a regular basis? A lot of the time I have already dreamt about what is happening...
I need a white girl in my life 
Do the girls who practically live in the lounge on 3 North in Daga ever shut up? Like honestly we get it you're sad lonely and failing out. But that doesn't mean you need to scream about it 24/7. 
Current mood: 20 tabs open in Chrome
Once I'm not a priority anymore I'm out
Ugggh 8:30 classes make me want to use my scrotum as a pin cushion.
I just want a guy to come over and watch porn with me naked
Is there a girls' lax club here?
Porn
I like how when your yak has been down voted so much that it's removed you are notified with a gold star. 
26 degrees?!?!? *digs in closet for shorts*
College: you might be bedridden and puking but you still have two papers an exam and a midterm this week so you better get to work. 
When you find out people are talking mad shit about something you did months ago... Glad to know you care about me so much about me.   💁💁
Anyone in kennison's HUMN 1? I have a question.
Who here's a fan of thug life videos?
That awkward moment when the guy you're talking to tells you he has a gf...
I am so fucked for these next 2 weeks
Just farted so loudly that the people next door started clapping for me
I get jesus gave his life for our sins...but don't soldiers do that for us all the time also? Where's there book and cult following? 
Will pay someone $100 to paint over those disgusting letters inquire within. 
What happens in my bed stays in my bed. It's because I don't wash my sheets.
Have you ever popped champagne on a plane
The amount of times that I said 'my diet will start tomorrow' is really awful. I need someone to just sit in my kitchen and fight me when I reach for something unhealthy. 
Running on the indoor track good idea or bad idea? 
Are pogs still a thing?
As an unattractive male feminist I respect women too much to subject them to me
Upvote if you're been personally victimized by APO 
The amount of
A friend once told me/ He almost drowned in the sea/ I knew how he felt
I want to pillow fight. Not like a cutesy foreplay type pillow fight... I mean I want to be swinging a body pillow like a damn battle axe at your head
I don't know how to get over a break up
Organized religion is the worst thing to ever happen to the world and its amazing that in 2015 people still believe in some magic man who lives in the sky 
Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck/ I procrastinate too much/ fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Every day gets worse and worse 
Make up sex>>>>>
Fagget
Shit just got serious; she popped my back pimple
When you really hit it off with a girl and just before you ask her out her bf walks up.
The common cold is going around campus
Ive come to the conclusion that im an undatable person its the only explanation
If you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way you sometimes speak to yourself how long would you allow that person to be your friend?
Vagina
Caught the feels for my hookup 😞
My grades are so good this semester but i am so sad from lack of human interaction 😅😅😅😅
My RA has the best tits 
Why do you care who I have sex with and if I tell people about it? Back off. 
Anyone in kennison's HUMN 1? I have a question.
Life is going to kick you in the dingus/cooter no matter who you are.  It's how you react to that that determines your success or failure.
I want to marry the mom from fresh off the boat
I can't wait until I am dead. Death will put an end this sad life filled with pain and trauma. Even if death is eternal oblivion we will all still nbe united in eternal repose
Confucius say: Man who drop watch in toilet bound to have shitty time 
Don't make me snap my fingers in a z-for-ma-tion head ro-ta-tion
Can whoever is screaming in genesee shut da fuk up?
Every night it happens. Every night I spend about 2 hours lying naked on my bed laughing at animal videos. 
If we're not friends don't ask about what you've heard about me. You don't care about me you care about gossip. 
Thoughts on dphie?
I wish a girl would fuck me as hard as geneseo wifi does. Trying to wqtch my sherlock notherfuckers 
Geneseo students have a very high school social mentality 
You can't wait for some
brunettes > blondes  
Watching the Emperors New Groove and literally Kronk is the man
EVERY TIME someone is interested in me back I get scared and start ignoring them because I'm scared if they get to know me they won't like me anymore 
You can't wait for somebody to save you that person has to be you. 
The wifi sucks more than the food and that's saying something.
Anyone know if the Daga printer is working?
Fuck Greek life
If plants grow when you talk to them will my boobs grow if I talk to them too?
The Greek Tree looks like Ebola.
How do you make friends with benefits? 
Overheard at Geneseo: 'She hit the chameleon that fucking bitch!'
Ambition is sexy as hell
It's so hard to detach. The memories the laughs the smiles the feelings and the love that's in them all
Sometimes all I want is my self esteem back 
Kung Pow is still a good movie
Having a huge crush on a friend is both the best and worst thing ever
Happy Monday everyone!
Yik yak has taught me I'm not nearly as witty as I thought 
What's bob saget doing these days?
Only looking forward to sleeping so I can wakeup and eat a bagel 
Pull the lever kronk 
I don't always go to bed early but when I do I stay up looking at my phone til midnight anyway 
WRONG LEVER
Just finished house of cards season 3 and I'm having legit withdrawals 
I'm all about that beard bout that beard no stubble.
I'm not into this whole Monday thing. 
That moment when you open a virgin box of cereal >>>
Brad mulligan is a literal fuck 
Girls' got a body like Dachau I can't believe what I'm seeing 
Ladies: If I take the time to get to know a girl before showing interest is there a chance for her to reciprocate once I make a move or is it too late?
My collarbones are my favorite feature 
Who put the alphabet in alphabetical order?
I can feel my eyeball roll all the way around when I close it and open it wtf
Help I'm pulling an all-nighter but I can't focus because I have insatiable wanderlust and am having a dumb spiritual teenage epiphany :(
All I do is try and get to the cookie dough in cookie dough ice cream
When your roommate is already asleep and you can let the farts fly free 💃
Don't believe everything you think
Really disappointed that  Frank Underwood doesn't play his PS3 anymore
Fuck you Walsh I just want my test grade and you said they'd be up Thursday you lazy Fuck. 
We preach progressive ideas and for gender equality but it seems like guys are always the ones that have to take the risk of initiating any conversation or redefining a relationship with the other sex
My beef with the Christian god: 'Go in and kill every man woman and child...' same yesterday today and forever...
How did the people who made the first clock knew what time it was?
Everyday is a winding road
I really just want to get drunk and go to the statesmen and get a new bae
Telling yourself to not write to that person is the hardest thing.  Especially when you know you won't hear from them unless you do.
When you find out that someone you literally HATE has Gonorrhea 😂😭  
How long do most virgin guys last?
It's like one of the worst feelings when the person you like has 'seen' your message but never replied.
Whenever anyone shows the slightest interest in me I pull away because I'm worried they'll be disappointed by me and I'm scared of them not liking me
Another weekend another Sunday all nighter
PSA: if anyone rents from high street don't use the washers/dryers on main st they're all fucked up (more than usual) 
Dude we're basically just talking monkeys on a marble in our minds
My roommates back which means now my room smells like vagina. 
i just wanna make out with someone
Googled 'when will winter end' hoping to find historical temps for the area. Article popped up: 'no end in sight'...great 
No idea how to study for political theory midterm 
Haven't made out with anyone in 3 years worried I've forgotten how 😳
When you think an ambiguous yak is about you <<
When the guy you're kinda seeing tells you to go to a party and get laid.... The fuck??
I know I'm wasting my time on him but I don't want to let go...
Single af
How did it take me this long to realize that guy and girl brains function so differently
when I  have a playlist named 'I'm sad again' that should probably be a sign that I need to break up with you...
Shout out to the guy whistling twinkle twinkle little star outside my window 
Let's fuck okay?
When I see 12 year olds on tv shows complain about not being kissed yet I have the urge to slap them.
Does anyone else have a weird frenemy relationship with someone ? 
Has anyone found a pair of brown/black glasses in the past week? They have big lenses and they sort of have spots that are darker shades of brown on them
sheeeeit
Noises outside my window. Might die last words: i hate and blame my landlord for this. 
Do you ever feel like you do everything wrong and everyone secretly hates you? That's exactly how I feel and I'm about to pass out from a panic attack
And the tree was happy. 🍎
Honestly so many people yak about being lonely that I'm sure if all those people paired up it might solve all of our problems
I'm one of those people who thinks everybody is genuinely beautiful and have never seen someone I didn't find had at least one good attribute. Stay positive tell yourself you're beautiful. You are.
Saw a video of a little girl crying because she didn't want her baby brother to grow up because he's 'so cute.' Needless to say my moods been lifted ❤️
Second semester senior currently undergoing a quarter life crisis.            The bright side I think I figured out what I want to major in. 
The Americans>House of Cards
Sometimes I imagine him saying 'I love you' and it makes me feel too happy...
Does rlk haze badly 
Downloaded an app today that plays cats purring to help you relax. Hands down best thing I've done all semester
Finally found the urge to be a good friend again
I know it's shallow and ridiculous but I really am coming to learn that there's nothing like a good weekend random hookup to just boost your confidence and put you in a good place going into the week 
Girl making my sandwich sneezed all over the place. Caught a disease.
PSA: this is a stressful point in the semester - take care of yourselves!
Haven't slept yet ALRIGHT
I don't mind if u fart
Maybe your hot chocolate just wants to be called beautiful chocolate just one time
I wish for you to die peacefully in your sleep
At 5am I decided to try and get 2 hours of sleep before hitting the books again. Woke up still jittery from my energy drink caffeine high. This is what college is all about.
Alright guys just one more Monday left before break after today! I promise you'll find sleep soon!!
These 2 weeks before spring break = a helluva lot of work that needs to get done
When you get so angry you start to shake
Is essay due today or Wednesday
If he gave me a STD I'm going to be pissed.
I wholeheartedly oppose the culture of not giving a fuck 
I think I would lose my head if it wasn't attached to my body...
All of your choices have consequences 
11 days until spring break
My best friend is the person I see in the mirror every morning. You go kid. 
That awkward moment when the computer science teacher can't get the projector and computer display to work.....
People who put a space between their last word and the question mark 
What's happening at the Union?🚨🚔🚒⁉️
Midterms+pneumonia=💀
My roommate is such a discussing eater like holy shit who gave you the right
According to my TimeHop 1 year ago today I found out I got into Geneseo. If only I knew then what I know now... 
11 days until spring break
Who really schedules a midterm on a Monday?!
Freshman Econ kids think they know more than the prof- SHUT UP! 
There's rain in the forecast!
Avoiding eye contact is the first rule in the book why are you fools still falling for this
All I want to know is who is coming here next year from my school bc I want to know if I hate them
I'm madly in love with my best friend and I have a girlfriend. I'm the worst kind of person. 
What if one week everyone decided to use their drug money instead to buy a really thoughtful gift for someone they loved? 
Does anyone else get irritated when people sit near you? Don't come any closer or I'll bite 😤. 
Pelerine calls a white board a triangle... Keep teaching me physics please.
And will all float on okay yay 
I think I just shit out my intestines 
75 days until graduation 
Wake up and immediately check all my social media apps so I don't fall back asleep
The only time I'm sitting still is when I'm taking a shit 
Oh my gosh i have never seen 2 girls 1 cup video until this morning... I thought it was something else before. 
She really knows how to keep a guy on edge 
This morning I ate my cereal out of a Tupperware with a fork because I didn't want to wash any dishes
Why am I still getting emails from Hostfra university..... 
I was sad because I thought I finished my bagel but then I looked down and realized I'd only eaten half
My iphone keeps automatically connecting to the wireless printer when i turn wifi on in the dorm...1st: how the fuck is this a thing? 2nd: why does my phone have to be a bigger troll than I am...
Counting down the minutes till I'm reunited with my bed
Does it bother anyone else that the answer sheets here are numbered sideways not downwards? 
I was late today because *spins wheel* um I passed like 14 accidents. Crazy right? Anyway here's a video
That moment when your professor gives a ton of material at once and you barely keep pace only to hear him say that its not necessary to remember it for the test... -_-
Just wanna b with you but you're so bad for me
Cold victim used DayQuil. DayQuil was not very effective...
Where do you go to pay your housing deposit?
Daredevil on Netflix though?? 
Why does CASgenesso follow me on Instagram 
Those Monday's where you fall into doors instead of pushing them
Every time I get a grade back I feel like my chances of going to med school get smaller and smaller 😥
HURRR DURRRR GUYS HOW DO I COMPUTER? Hahahaha ahhhh anyway what was I talking about? Oh yea my life
You think girls like to cheat like guys do?
When I was home this weekend one of the yaks was 'Who's 13-14 and single?' And the comments were two of them trying to kik and snapchat each other 
Shoutout to all the students like me who are feeling overrun by the pre spring break course load. We will make it through. Chin up.
I don't need it I don't need it I don't need it.... I NEED IT!
That moment you try to poop in the union and people come in :(
I wish our gym wasn't so shitty 
People
random people complimenting my hair make me so happy and confident
I love bad bitches that's my fuckin problem 
We all have our classes where we just go on yik yak for the entire class period 
This? Oh yea this is important but we're gonna skip over it but definitely know it 
If we make eye contact and I fucking wave please wave back. Even if we barely know each other. It won't kill you. I promise.
Putting on a bra Monday morning after going all weekend without one is actually the worst
I'm starting my own business. For 10 bucks an hour I'll come to your class and give u a shoulder rub
I posted an inspirational yak and 10 people have voted it down. Why just you try to suck the joy from others?
People who don't say thank you after you hold the door for them are the worst kind of people 
Really wish ppl would stop judging others over stupid shit. We all put our pants on one leg at a time guys 
i didnt choose the thug life my mom picked it out for me... it was on sale...      love you ma
Starting the week off right with a 10:30 visit from Geneseo complaining about my music being too loud-guess I'm cleaning the bathroom in silence 
I'd really like to know a good way to help the homeless. Any suggestions?
I applied to cas and they told me they only have two shifts available for me to take and I have to take them. lol I know you're lying cas is understaffed everyday everywhere.
Wish the internet would work.
whoever designed the layout for books and bytes was either a sadist or a fucking idiot
The darker the berry the sweater the juice. Where my sisters at ?! #thirstyforthepussy
Pledging is too hard for people not to see me when I say hi to them
What is the deadline to withdraw from classes?
I can't even lie I get mad scared when I see bald white people with bulging eyes and a smile fam. They type shoot up schools 
can't wait for this weekend!!! No parties with SDT😌
All these people complaining about pledging when they have spring break right before hell week...
Is it worse to have a withdrawal or a D on your transcript?
There should be more interracial couples in this school. #foodforthought 
You know someone's proud as fuck when they start a tweet off with 'Officially'
S/o to the kid in meiners adolescent psych with the mismatched socks. I'm proud of you. Never change. 
*snicker*
Dressing up for my test today so that when it fucks me I know I at least looked good for it
way too high for 12 pm
Can't wait to tron tonight
My first kiss was with a guy even though I'm straight
I got stacks on stacks stacks on racks Racks on top of stacks and stacks on top of them racks
Does anyone really pass anything in college?
If you workout in jeans I automatically assume you're a little bitch and not working hard at all
I have so much respect for a teenage couple that gets pregnant and stays together not only for the baby but because they genuinely love each other. 
If this fuckboy doesn't put his phone on silent I am going to loose it today. #quiet section problems
Is IR a hard major?
Feeling like a South Park character cuz I never take my coat off
Did someone lose their white mini schnauzer? I just saw him walking around near the ISC headed towards main street...
I can finish a whole plate no problem but not a GFR frittata 
Tours be like 'It's now three o'clock and you can now see the famous geneseo sun set.'
Meiners kids are definitely so weird 
Midterms you have the right to remain silent 
MAN PONY TAIL CUT HIS HAIR THIS IS WHAT HEARTBREAK FEELS LIKE 
How am I supposed to leave my room when all I hear is wind howling through my window??
Heard a tour guide compare Books N Bytes to Panera. Honestly the best joke I've heard all day.
Just fixed a copier by unplugging it then plugging it back in.  I'm now the head tech at Cortland.
'You only live once' 'I know but the computer in Milne is still starting up so I can't live'
Annala 4 president 
I feel bad for whatever building has a fire drill on north side now....
Advisor: 'where do you see yourself in five years?'Me: 'I'm shaking Dumbledore's hand. I've won the house cup.'
When does spring start in geneseo 
THEY HAVE GIRL SCOUT COOKIES IN THE UNION 
Anyone find a key??
Any find a key?
Why is it impossible for CAS to keep hair out of their food
Getting pelted in the face with snow like 😑
Anyone in Kathy's managerial accounting know which question the submit for credit is?
Is it bad to have two W's on your transcript?
What's the typical radius of a guy's cock?
If the bald eagle sees his shadow on the 4th of July there's six more weeks of America 
Geneseo: where the wind makes it snow even when it's not snowing 
I don't even pay attention in physics lecture anymore. I just browse reddit go home read the book bullshit the homework and get B's on the exams. 
Which Greek organization throws the most open parties?
My stomach just decided to practice its whale mating calls during my exam. 
Has anyone taken history of costume before??
I got a D in a class and an retaking it. If I get a better grade is there any way to scrub the old grade from my transcript? 
walking to class: wind blowing directly in your face.                             walking home from class in opposite direction: wind somehow still blowing directly in your goddamn face 
If you're cold and grumpy today open your pants in the bathroom under the hand dryers while no one else is looking. Feels so warm and good :3
I wish I could have the amount of confidence that I act like I have. 
Anyone know where they get the music they play in Fusion or Corner Pocket?
In the library looking at videos of amusement park accidents. Wtf is my life
I'm honestly okay with most of the guys on the men's basketball team 👌 even though they are your typical  dumb jocks
If people spent more time worrying about how they treat other people rather than how they looked the world would actually be a more beautiful place
When I was younger and sad my dad would hit me with the lamp and tell me that I needed to lighten up
Almost forgot all my bras in the laundry room so that's how my day is going... 
I feel like it's more acceptable to procrastinate in the library because atleast you tried to do work and made the effort to walk there.
Reasons to date me 1. Pls
#BringBackGargano
FIRMLY GRASP IT
'I've got the pieces!' 'I've got the air!' *tries putting balloon back together*~me trying to put my life back together
Guys are never told to 'have respect for themselves' #doublestandards
Come on Walsh how long could it possibly take to grade a scantron and upload the reports? 
Our health center is the worst. Lauderdale said it was a cold and to drink a lot of water. The ER said it was bronchitis and severe inflammation of my airways. I can't even 
Until I can leave this hellhole forever.
Idk why some people think this school is so prestigious. It's 50 percent Ivy League rejects then 50 percent average people 
Interviewer: 'tell me a little about yourself.' Me: 'I can eat a footlong sub and a bag of chips in under 2 minutes'
My phone tells me it's March 2nd my mind tells me it's spring break and my meal plan tells me that it's April 12th.
Leonardo DiCaprisun 
I'll laugh at all your jokes
You'll never have to worry about me cheating on you BC I don't socialize with people 
The primary groups that suffer from Affirmatie Action are White and Asian women. Women and Asians are sugnificantly overrepresented at colleges
Nausea heartburn indigestion upset stomach diahearrea 💩🙈🙈🙊🙊
When you text someone something and immediately realize it was stupid and wish you didn't send it
Real question: how can I start a conversation with a girl I don't know in the library?
That blonde in RLK loves to finger buttholes 
Does kennisons hum 1 class have an exam tomorrow? 
Is there a water fountain anywhere in upstairs Milne?
Has anyone ever taken the pill and had their period delayed 4 days? I know up to a week is normal...but I'm worried. Help a sistah out. Experiences with the pill? 
Women's Basketball is hosting NCAAS turn up!
I want someone to hug me n tell me everything is going to turn out fine ! 😕
Does watching House of Cards count as studying for poli sci
So tinder wants to charge me $9.99 a month so I can reswipe profiles (even though most of us guys just swipe right) and pick a new location (far away where I can't hook up)?  Fucccck that 
There's a lot of 4s on this campus. It makes me feel better about being a potato though. 
Is he smart or just a pseudo-intellectual?: A Geneseo memoir 
Lauderdale is a fucking joke they once told me I just had a cold and two days later I was hospitalized for severe blood loss from my 'cold'
Sexually frustrated to the max. My hand doesn't do it anymore 
Binged House of Cards. Got PoliSci degree from Cortland
Fuck this. Ash Ketchum didn't have to read Greek history...
This ain't lust it's love. Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavements? 
Yesterday's valedictorian is today's Geneseo average test score 
I went to lauderdale for my broken leg and they gave me an aspirin and then promptly butt fucked me.
Kappa's Oracle Kylie Sitar
I went to Lauderdale for a bad headache the doctor hit me over the head with a chair and told me to drink some water. 
'GENESEO CAN'T BREATHE.' 'Well you should probably just take a nap and drink more water it's most likely just a cold'
Only here at Geneseo am I happy with a 76 on a test
Tinder plus can go right back to hell 
Is it a bad idea to eat yogurt that I left out for three hours.......imma do it anyway
'But I tested positive for ebola' 'I don't worry about you eating enough I worry about you drinking enough'
Current mood: Laying in warm clean sheets
Lauderdale once told me that I pulled a muscle and gave me a heating pack. That night I went to the hospital for three days with two kidney stones and a kidney infection. 
Kinda wish I could sleep forever. I'd be cool with that.
Kid who keeps making ash Ketchum posts keep doing you. Hope it 'ketches' on. He hehehe
'Weed is pretty tight'
Overpopulation is not actually that huge a danger  it is slowing down and a UN study projected that the world population will probably stop growing well before 15 billion
I went to Lauderdale with trouble breathing they did nothing I asked what do I do if I become unable to breathe they said take the bus to the urgent care center WTF
Do what you want with the door to Daga it's your life and you have the power of your own free will
When you feel too sick to go to class but still go to work because you're so goddamn broke 😩😷
I wish there was an app that relocated and coalesced all my lost drunken snapchats 
Close the fucking door to Daga you fucking imbeciles. 
How fucking hard is it to close a door behind you that has been broken most of the year? CLOSE THE DOOR TO DAGA
CLOSE THE FUCKING DOOR TO DAGA
I have a cold I hate my life
Geneseo Merit email 'Geneseo knows you're doing great things and we want to recognize your achievements' ... 4 years and it's like you don't even know me Geneseo...
Japanese people: talk for five minutes. Translation: 'hey'
I feel
Anybody else in Suffolk Hall hear what sounds like someone is blowing bubbles in a giant glass of chocolate milk?
Any ladies want a booty call
'I'm a supernova baby burn bright die young'
Girls would you want a 12 inch dick?  Not have sex with have on your body.
Dear Geneseo ripping the door off the stall does not make it handicap accessible. 
People who talk about overpopulation don't seem to realize it's not really a thing in first-world countries America is one of the only first world countries whose population is not collapsing
To the guy in Human Bio who does nothing but watch hockey EVERYTIME. Why?!? I DONT UNDERSTAND 
DK is conveniently located next to the health center so the women they beat up have a short walk to get there
While I was running today I thought I heard someone clapping. It was just my thighs cheering me on
Why are there no knock-knock jokes about America? Because freedom rings.  
A broken peice of fork fell into my calzone today but I ate it anyways :/
When you are trying really fast to put ur ID back in your wallet after you ordered food and the person behind you shoves their food at you pushing yours out of the way. You are evil. EVIL.
Fuck u tinder 
Fuck tinder plus if I'm paying 10 dollars to get laid I better be getting a penecillin shot afterwards
Snack-studying 
My level of stress is too damn high
When work for one class directly helps work for another class 😏
I wonder if people see me walking around my room with no pants on
Currently masturbating in the men's bathroom on the 3rd floor of milne
[dentist chair] dentist: so how's school? [i start talking dentist realizes hand isn't in my mouth] dentist: oh sorry [puts hand in my mouth] dentist: so how's school?
zoom zoom zoom. make my heart go boom boom. my super nova girl 😏
are they still selling GS cookies in the union
What time is the gym empty?
Someone needs to sue the shit out of Lauderdale for malpractice.  Then maybe they'll get someone who knows what they're doing.
Is it okay I only do 750 pushups a day? I started having sex thrice a day if it makes the matter better.
Is Netflix a carb?
Cereal with water
Didn't even put on my most sensual cologne before having a fivesome with the entire presidential family #awkward
Got the billion dollars I am donating to charity all sweaty when I had sex with several supermodels on it #badperson
Okay this is not a place to be doing group work. Please kindly find somewhere else to go.
Dating Scarlett Johanssen and the Queen of England at the same time and they don't even realize what a dork I am #helpme
Mono or Mononucleosis is a disease caused by the Epstein-Barr Virus which attacks the lymph nodes. It is transmitted through casual contact or through bodily fluids. It is highly infectious. 
Glasses make you look smarter and fake glasses make you look like an idiot
My period is super late I think I might be pregnant. Either that or I'm a guy and it's that one..I'm a man
So is genny snaps still a thing or...?
Is Netflix an instrument? 
Pissed off freshman and offended white liberals are the most entertaining people on here 
Went hard at the library. Those of u still studying keep doing u 👌
I should not be allowed to text girls
Petition to make curry day every day
Vape nap stare at the massive amount of work to be done repeat
Really tinder? You think people are going to pay? 😂hilarious 
My roommate never leaves the room and snores profusely when they sleep what do I do?
Has anybody found a set of keys to a chevy? Please let me know if you have them 
So the highlight of my day was finding a mozzarella stick at the bottom of my fries from letch
no matter how far out of the way you go winter is all about finding the warmest route from point A to point B
With a job interview tomorrow and 75 days left till graduation it's safe to say I've mentally checked out of the rest of this semester
Is it really more homework we are getting? Or is it just a test of our procrastinational integrity? 
The slowest time ever is when you're on the treadmill 
Just got molested by this wind. It went straight through my pants and touched the butt
Best place to get a piercing? 
Saw there's an opening at McDonalds hoping with a good reference letter from Lofquist & my Sociology degree I'll get an interview!! 
It is theoretically to treat some skin cancers without seeing a doctor by applying powerful escharotics. Some people try this and do not realize powerful escharotics cause your skin to fall off
Playing Fart Tennis in class >>>
Girls are way hotter now than they were 100 years ago like holy fuck just look at a picture of a room full of girls in 1920 like WTF happened between then and now
I'm wearing my roller blades to the statesman this weekend so everybody look out for me
anyone know where the chowhound is
I'm on a chair I am pretty sure violates several laws of physics I spun myself once on it and I'm pretty sure I have been spinning like five minutes
If taylor Walsh doesn't put up the exam grades by tomorrow's class and if he should hand out rock samples in such class we should hold his precious rocks hostage 
My biggest freshmen regret was probably giving my email to both the College Republicans and the College Democrats. They were both just so persuasive.
I hate it when girls send me creepy text messages like learn some fucking social skills
Sorry if 2nd floor Jones smells like ammonia. I'm dying my hair. 
Can I apply for a campus job now in the middle of the semester?
when will the chowhound be on south side?
I'm ready.
Can't be with the person I want the most because there's'a conflict of interest'. 
Up this if you've ever licked a butt hole
Tinder now has a certain amount of likes? Wtf that's so stupid 
what better way to study for a midterm than by starting season 3 of house of cards
If we all fail the business law exam tomorrow then we all get an 87.
I once went to lauderdale and I told them I have bronchitis so they just gave me the medicine because they know the customer is always right.
Debating if I should negatively critique a dance my teacher choreographed in my GDE performance review. 
What's the best thing to get from ChowHound?Never had it
Rumor or Trumor: Jewish girls give the best blow jobs? 
why the hell does Letch always show the Food Network?! they teasing us!
❄️➡️☀️=😃
Anyone else get annoyed when someone sends you a snap and adds that same snap to their story too?
Uptight/politically correct people who can turn any comment into some sort of racial/gender issue are THE WORST 
You'll be the attractive one in the couple 
Why does it seem like I am a constant fuck up...
You know its a good day at Geneseo when you can successfully print your first attempt
Be kind to everyone you never know who needs it most or when they'll be gone
What's it take to hold a boob around here?
Will trade sex for homework completion. Inquire within if you want to know which one. This is not a Ponzi scheme
I would suck so many dicks to not have to write this paper right now
'Hey are you good at math?' 'Yeah why?' 'Can you help with this equation: x = your number?'
True Story: I masturbated in the men's bathroom on the main floor of Struges today. 
Rumor or Trumor:  My dick looks like a tumor
I'm sometimes funny
How to find out if a girl is a virgin: mention men or feminism and see how much she complains about men
All these girls here being bitches I'm just trying to find a guy who's gonna make a ton of money 
Juat waiting for the day that I'll meet a beautiful girl that has an interest in me too...
I personally would consider rugby a sport before I would consider dancing a sport.
Rugby isn't a sport it's a club here. You guys are narps like the rest of us get off your high horse 
I hate myself
Nothing makes me feel better faster than blasting disturbed and thinking irrationally
I feel guilty every time I throw out food at letch but it's hard not to when the chicken is bright red or you give me a plate 75% full of fried onions
I am so sick of living on campus. The food sucks and I can't stand my roommate yet I won't be able to move off campus for at least another year.
It's Cold Outside But I'm Still Sweating on the Walk Back From Class: An Autobiography  
Zezima was here
Boobytrap backwards is PARTYBOOB!
I just feel smarter listening to classical music. Best way to do work.
Lol @ Comm majors
If you think that dance isn't a sport you don't know anything. It's a great form of exercise extremely competitive very hard and absolutely beautiful. Have some respect. 
*will suck dick for a back rub*
The more work I have to do the bett r it feels to lay in bed with the lights off
Missed a class ate like shit took 2 naps haven't done any work....all in all a pretty productive day 
Cats or dogs?
Four whores and seven beers ago...
Professor: What inspired you to write this paper? Me: The due date.
Singing really loudly is rude when the walls are this thin. (Girl in Suffolk needs to shut up).
Anyone else getting high instead of studying for Political Theory? 
Can't believe the iphone autocorrects the accent mark in Beyoncé 
I always forget how much comedians make me laugh! 😂
Why are most straight guys looking for a hot girl to date? If you're ugly you're probably not gonna end up with a hot girl. Like DUH.
Your 'sport' is what horny freshman do at the Statesman.  Are you sure you wanna go down this path?
Hard science majors should go find a real major
Anyone on south side wanna chill? No expectations
Why did I get a merit page?
Let's start a genocide targeting people who wear fedoras
Wait dancers actually think dance is a sport and arguing it. That's hilarious. I put 6+ hours into my sport everyday. Why don't you go twirl around somewhere we are not on the same level.
GUYS STOP SAYING THAT DICK SUCKING ISNT A FUCKIN SPORT
Current mood: cold wet socks  
I refuse to watch the bachelor.
I am not a bitch I am THE bitch. 
MY BOY IS SPELLING THE SHIT OUT THESE WORDS
I'm a Geneseon!!
Dancer girls I'm sorry to break this to you but you're NARPs. You're not athletes you're narps 
Can everyone stop being mean to dancers? We're gonna have a crump team instead of knight line so girls can express themselves 
*every dancer at Geneseo puts on their leotard and tutu*   'I'm going to prove them wrong'
I'm a guy and the question is not 'would I suck a dick to get an A' but rather 'how many times and can I get a letter of recommendation too'
Doing math homework... Not one number on the page
So much work to do that I don't know where to start. So I think I won't.
why.... why would you throw a pen at it when- when we don't even know... what it is?......
What's the most douchey frat?
Whenever I have big or certain expectations I get disappointed. From now on I won't have expectations I'll just go with the flow
Classic fuckboy in Milne taking up a 4 person table even tho he is looking at facebook on his laptop 
Why would I party with SDT when I could just party with my suite mates the 8 of us is a much greater turnout
You think you are hot shit but you are not. I am standing right in front of you as you talk shit.
I really respect a man that sticks to his word
If you just want to hang and nothing else hmu
Rain in Arizona is more reliable than the Daga printer. 
no one will try and steal me from you 
Anyone cheated on anyone this past week? Names pls
When narps get defensive over who is considered a narp 
Need a hung top :/
I'm trying really hard to lose 10 pounds so Clio will finally give me a bid!!! 😢 #determined #fitnessgoals
I know at least 6 girls in RLK who have hooked up with their 'sisters' boyfriends/fwb
I'm so oblivious. I found out today that I friend-zoned a guy a few months ago because I didn't realize he was actually asking me out 
I wanna suck his diiiick. Maybe I will later tonight.
When you have to choose between eating dinner and getting your homework done 
Im cute and nice !! And single just putting that out there 
No hope for the political theory midterm 
When your boy gets 'used to you' <<<<
Anal fissures
I like you...but I hate you... but I like you...but I also hate you  
I'm a girl and i have recently been thinking about my best guy friend in a romantic way.. But then I remind myself and feel weird. What do I do?
Wait guys I'm really wondering if I can get into Clio because I'm really overweight and I'm not very pretty but I like the girls
My snapchat is stuck on one filter; good looking 
Why am I so fucking sad all of the time? 
There's a deep level of hell reserved for whoever set off both Niagara and Daga's fire alarms
It's sad to think about how much my mom doesn't care about me and doesn't even try to talk or visit me but likes to brag if I have even the smallest accomplishment 
I don't understand how people without a condition remain seriously obese it's not too bad to be a little overweight but if I was seriously obese it would be my top priority to lose the weight
Current mood: lemonade that has seeds + is made only w/ lemon juice
There go Niagara with the fire alarms 
Flashing everyone outside Niagara for the fire alarm from Daga 😉
Will someone across from my apt in the meadows give me a peep show lol
Sometimes looking at my own nudes makes me happier than looking at my boyfriends?? 
NOT ANOTHER ARSONIST NIAGARA 
I'm a guy and I find the idea of blowjob really gross.
Lol at the yaks about Clio. The jealousy is screaming that you're not a daisy😘
I feel genuinely sorry for the poor pledges who thought joining AKPsi was a worthy investment.
Girls pee out of a separate hole. Guys pee out of the same hole they cum out of. Therefore giving a blow job is grosser than cunillingus. 
Why can't we all just give each other head and be happy
Seriously guys the worst regrets are the ones you'll think back on in 5-10 years and wonder 'what if...' just do the damn thing go for it!
Tits or ass
Went to the gym after tanning. 97% sure I absorbed the radiation to be processes into superpowers because I kept electrocuting my earbuds.
I'm a guy and a second semester senior and my only real ambition for the rest of college is to find a way to become an honorary AOPi. 
How many times can this book mention the 'Pseudopenis'
Girls bleed so I guess eating out is terrible to? Shut the fuck up 
Thinking of texting an ex hookup.. What are some reasons he might say no??
How many people actually hate AKPsi?
Sooooo. A lot of people seem to like making fun of AKPsi. Is the hate legit?
I can't for the life of me understand people who think blowjobs are grosser than eating pussy. For one thing male genitalia are entirely external and so much easier to clean than female genitalia
PSA don't delete the app if it's not working properly it'll restart your yakarma 😡😰
I haven't eaten in 3 days and still haven't lose any weight even though I'm 200 pounds...help!
AOPi's spring 2013 pledge class 
Why do people seem to dislike AKPsi?
Felatio and cunillingus are only gross to CHILDREN
The Following is back!! Fuck yeah!
What I wouldn't give to know who searches and creeps on my social media profiles.
Does half the population actually hate AKPsi? Or is it just trolls?
I don't trust people with their read receipts on
My psych textbook just explained evolution wrong...it's okay textbook I made that same mistake when I was 13. smh
I've been taking a break from studying since 4 pm. Help me.
Fuck off Akpsi. Make room for a real organization. The entire campus hates you and your pretentious bullshit. Go back to Cortland.
I think its time to find someone to love again 
You and your best friend are in the back of a police car you can only use 3 words:
Still very happy to see the yak community supporting and helping the sad and or people who make bad choices 
I've noticed a trend on yikyak; people shit on social fraternities move on to AKpsi and finish off the cycle by shitting on APO. 
Anything to look out for with the law exam?
1-2% of people are sociopaths. That means if you see 100 people 1 or 2 would be comfortable with killing you or enslaving you if they were surebey could get away with it
Why am I so late to Blue Mountain State
Not sure why I am still at the library oh yeah because this hot ass girl is across from me and until she acknowledges my existence I will remain here #challengeaccepted
A weeg weeg wa!
Farted so bad in Milne person I don't know next to me looks at me like 'dude was that you?' looked back at him like 'nah bro wasn't me'he looks at the cute girl nearby thinking 'it was her!'
When you specify your weight online also specify your height. If you're 200 pounds you could be morbidly obese on one hand or even on the skinnier side if you are really tall on the other
Not accepting your friend request sorority girl because I Don't Fuck With You little stupid ass
Might not make it back after 1 day of Track.....
Which frat do I join if I am the arsonist?
How many people actually dislike that business frat Akpsi? No trolls pls.
Ok where do I get the sweatshirts that have your major on it too
Nothing like receiving an email from your professor specifically informing  you to bring the book for class the you didn't buy and notes on said book you didn't take. Fuck.
'Black ass momma! White ass daddy! Mulatto butts!'
So where the guys at who have an Asian fetish 💃
Up this if you have gotten laid because you're a white guy and you met a girl with a fetish for white guys
Nothings worse when you and some else are perfect for each other but met at the wrong time in life
Asian men and black women should have a thing for each other because black men/white women and white men/asian women already gave a thing for each other
Sometimes I get really pissed off that I was born now instead of in the future when deep space travel will be possible. Fuck this time we have the longing but lack the means to do cool space shit. 
So the head of phigs got arrested?
Writing this paper is like waiting for rain in this drought useless and disappointing
HOW MANY YALL MAMA BEEN GOOD SHE COOK THAT COLLARD GREEN
Has anyone used a moon cup before...trying to decide if I should get one.
the best thing about winter is that all the bugs are rotting in hell were they fucking belong
Number of people in suite bathroom most times: 1 or 2. Number of people in suite bathroom while I am in the shower: everyone. 
Fuck THIS FIREDRILL RIGHT NOW I was just about to get it in
PSA: if you invest too much in the wrong people ending up empty handed is inevitable 
The best sore is post sex sore 
Got you dancing with the devil 
Over the hookup scene  it is fun for a while but it actually gets old 
The turtle is rising 
Why the fuck has there been so many fire alarms going off tonight? Literally like every south side res hall has had one. 
Your dad should've came into a sock you walking recessive gene
I have to set boundaries to not eat food past 10 pm 😭
Haven't hooked up with someone at Geneseo yet... 
How many people at Geneseo actually enjoy the hook up scene? 
The worst mood I've ever been in is when you know that you hurt someone but you can't do anything to fix it.
I just nutted all over this chick's hair lolol you should of seen her face! Classic! 
Nothing worse than the fire alarm going off during sex
I hate fake people. Fuckin my friend and then saying she is too ugly for you to my face is really rude. You aren't a pimp you're a horrible person.
I'm so sorry. 
If you're an attractive guy who wants to hang out and eventually date without b.s I'm down.
Is there a republican equivalent of the daily show ? Don't say the Colbert report because that's honestly just mocking the right. I'm a liberal by the way. Be nice. 
I need someone to help me lose weight
When biggie said 'the streets is a short stop either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot.'
Seeing my ex everyday on campus like we never even knew each other really throws me off  and I doubt this fuck boi thinks twice about me
I was all set and ready to go to sleep then I saw that fire drills are supposedly tonight and now I'm afraid to go to bed. 
Just got in a fight with my roommate because I wouldn't let her bring her pet fish to get food with us 
What the best way to please a guy sexually
I hate you but I'll permit you to live for now
For the b law 1 midterm tomorrow are Chapters 13 and 14 going to be on it?
How do I stop hooking up with someone temporarily without crushing the possibility of hooking up with them again lol
Best sex position? I need to spice up my sex life
Male looking for some dick to suck hmu
I like my girls BBW
I just really wanna tusk a girl like impale her with an elephant tusk through the stomach preferably and sort of leave her there
I want a girl that'll suck me dry then have some lunch with me 
Your perfect brown skin your perfect brown eyes: I love you Carlos
If anyone wants to lose weight really bad and doesn't care about their health just wants to look good you could try getting diagnosed with ADHD and get amphetamines
1 chapter into plato's republic and I want to punch Socrates in the face.
Wait I think ast got hot
Is there a punching bag in the gym\athletic center? 
I'm not sure I can recall any period in my life during which I was truly happy 
If I could enslave everyone and get away with it I would in a heartbeat.
Frothing loins
2 weeks before I see my dog!
I'm not impressed by your ability to question things that have obvious answers. Philosophy majors can go fuck themselves.
Sorry not creepy 
Men are prettier than women because they don't wear make up or iron their hair etc; therefore no false advertising. 
I don't bother with hooking up because some drunken retard I brought home from the statesmen has nothing to offer that my hand doesn't besides a slightly nicer place to put my dick into
I hate shallow people but can't help but be shallow. Let's put down all the unnattractive people to solve this problem forever
Who can really judge who is attractive? Just because you don't find someone attractive doesn't mean no one will. We are all beautiful.
Pretty sure you're into me but I like you a lot and I'm not sure whether you just want a hookup or something more
If everyone is super then no-one is
What makes a girl good in bed?
Fuck this shit. Ash Ketchum never had to stay up late to finish homework...
The best way to get motivated is play a great dancing song. Just jump up and dance in the mirror and before you know it your awake and in a good mood. 
Dick Cheney made money off the Iraq War. 
When your roommate finally leaves the room and you can let out the huge fart you've been holding in>>>>
It's been a I-having-a-beer-while-I-shower kind of a day. 
If a girls on top but she's not that good at it would you rather she just not?
Just crossed my 'l' TIME FOR BED
Agos like three somes 
SOMEONE FIND ME THE FUNZONE COMMERCIAL
Don't forget you can bring a cheat sheet to Quinn's b law mid term tomorrow 😊
Spring break is 11 days away!😍
Dear fire drill Fuck you.     Love Everyone 
Wait do people seriously think that girls don't false advertise? I'm a girl and this concerns me... Like we all know of makeup heels ironing hair body shapers push-up bras etc :/
If there's a fire drill in this building tonight I'm dropping out   Fuck it. Just no
Nothing makes up for Monday like some good sex
What if I just don't leave the building during the fire drill
applying/registering for online classes for the summer makes me die a little inside 
FANTÔMAS STRIKES AGAIN. 
It ain't gonna work without you using your words.
If you're waiting for the waiter doesn't that make you the waiter
Where's the fire drill?
Firedrills. Firedrills everywhere 
Jesus now I have so much anxiety expecting a fire drill
Ugh I hope our building isn't next 
If you think about it making out is kinda gross
If you have abusive parents emotionally or physically I am so sorry. I love you and you are not worthless.
I see the cop waking. Prepare yourself Genesee 
Lol at everyone that lives on campus and has mandatory fire drills. 
For someone who works so hard to be body and self positive and stuff I sure do hate myself a lot sometimes 
Fire alarms so late that no one actually goes outside
Oh god is Steuben next
FUCK YOU ONTARIO FIRE ALARM
You know it's only girls that lie to each other when giving compliments. When guys give each other compliments they mean it
*crosses fingers and hopes Onondaga will be spared a fire drill for once*
You're all forgetting that all these fire drills are the first sign of spring 🌸
*fire alarms in the distance*
I blacked out last week and hooked up with a guy and I'm not sure if we had sex or not but now I'm scared if I could be pregnant
Just tell me you want to be with me too. That's all I ask
FUCK YOU FIRE ALARMS. FUCK YOUUUU . 
Went out tn despite my test tmrw. Walk into my res hall (stumbling) when the cop is turning over the fire alarm and he warns me to just wait for it. Moral: going out is always a good idea. 
Not Gany please not Gany
Can never sleep until after 1am. Can never wake up until after 10am
Wanna know what someones really about? See how they react to a ear piercing fire alarm mid slumber....
Don't you hate when you have a mental disorder and occasionally say something goddamn crazy and your friends hear it and you're like shit not again
Yo don't complain about it being cold during the fire drills tonight. We should thank the police for not doing it in the past month when it was below 0 outside.
I kissed you this weekend and I think I might have feelings. Idk what to do. You're with someone else
I would like to give a nice serving of fuck you to the campus police for thinking that 28 degrees is an appropriate temperature for having fire drills! 
Found out last weekend I've been putting on the condom backwards this entire time.
Ive spent the past 20 minutes exploring various justin timberlake looks of the 1990s i should go to bed
I heard the fire alarm while I was showering and thought the alarm was real... :(
I realize fire drills are a necessary evil but when they wake me out of such a sound sleep that I almost immediately vomit from fear? Nah. Ya nasty.
Solid no wipe poops
Llama face 😭
It's been like 3 days why hasn't he texted? Guys give me reasons why it might be you don't text a girl after a hookup
List what you miss most from the 90s
Grabbed car keys during drill #2.  Denny's was surprisingly empty.
Sleep? Lol nope
Current mood: screen full of  iMessages that don't seem to ever switch from 'delivered' to 'read'
Would anyone even care if I died?
Favorite thing from 90s?
Sometimes I just want to fight
Can't stop thinking about the guy I hooked up with this weekend. Why do I make myself have these feelings? :(
I was reading thru one of my textbooks to study for a midterm Wednesday and I feel no more prepared now than I did when I dove in....
Scared that a spiders gonna crawl up from under a toilet seat 😭
Taking peaceful shits cause everyone's sleeping is wonderful 
Just ask me if I wanna fuck you already. Because I do.
Finger blasted mayhem 
Matiln
Why hello 2 am we meet again you sexy thing you. 
National pancake day!!!
Someone needs to start a Geneseo Fight Club. 
For pass/fail classes what does an S mean on my transcript 
Biggest day in my life. I got promoted to 1st division in fifa ultimate team. Time to celebrate.
Guys I got a kik. 
So happy I live off campus
Can't sleep and the fact that your snoring louder than the sound or object of EVERYTHING is not helping. I truly loathe you.
To the person who wanted to talk what's your Kik? And shame on you fuckers who are down voting his yak.
Literally got annoyed that the most recent pic on my IG feed was 4 hours old and then I remembered that it's 3 am. 
Why can't I sleep 
Best 90s tv/cartoon show?
Fuck tinder plus. 
You know we go to SUNY Geneseo. I think we can evacuate a building in the case of an emergency we don't need to practice. 
work in six hours 
Why can't I sleep?
My roommate has been farting in her sleep for the last twenty minutes 
The fact that the community college back home got a peak and we didn't is upsetting. I go home some weekends MCC yik yak is garbage
Skipping my morning class to study for my midterm. I need to sleep.....
I learned that my aunt tried to commit suicide at a young age and that my family keeps it a secret because it's 'frowned upon'. Is it bad if i don't see suicide as a shameful/bad thing?
Lol what's a fire drill
For the love of all that is holy my anus is bleeding!!!!!
My motivation to get out of bed is at a new low. 
Do I go to this 8:30 class for the chance that Strang is there and I have a clicker qu- oh hello other side of my bed where have you been all my life 
Goeckel cancelled classs!!!
History... It's like... Pics or it didn't happen. #amiright
Decided to conduct a social study:  matched with 20 girls of all races and different levels of beauty (sorry deal w/ it) on Tinder and put up moments liberally.  Not a single one spoke first.  Scared?
After hooking up with someone are you supposed to stay the night?
Most disappointing moment of 2015: when I dreamt about eating a cheese stick and woke up with none in sight 
Woke up to go to class. Went to the bathroom and stepped in a puddle in my last pair of socks. Went back to bed.
Why do I feel bad for telling my roommate to do something that she should have done and she did it out of spite after I told her
Made the worlds best cup of coffee today
When you aren't sure if you should chase the bus or not so you stand there for a minute contemplating life
Why do so many people have sticks up their asses about reposting yaks? What did someone steal your anonymous fame? Oh heavens no how dare they! 
When nobody shows up to the 8:30 until .. well... 8:30.
Sorry if I take your seat. Sometimes I just don't remember where my seat is
Where did I put my makeup bag? Oh there it is in my underwear drawer right where it belongs... 
Today is a no panties kind of day 
Midsemester burnout 😓
Lords of the Ring. LORDS of the RING. really Boucher?
I don't like morning people. Or morning. Or people.
Is strang back?
Broke my neck so that I wouldn't have to go to my party with RLK this weekend 
To the guy who just picked his nose and ate it in Milne. You thought no one saw... We did 
What's up with dudes and nail polish?
At 9:30 on a Tuesday bank st cafe looks like a retirement home
Now known as Drag101
Tinder went for that cash grab it was nice know thee and all the hookups that occurred because of it. Lol hookups who am I kidding 
Cow are like glorious Dalmatians only more robust and playful.
Seein a lot of ladies in skirts with no leggings. Spring is on it's way but definitely not here yet. Stay warm the breeze has GOT to be chilly 
It's all ogre now ...
Why is there a ambulance at the ago house
It's an Irish coffee type of morning... Ah who am I kidding ever morning is an Irish coffee morning 
Ago is getting fucked
Ambulance at the ago house uhoh
Swamp ass 
I almost got really annoyed at this one chick in front of me for walking so slow but then i realized she had a nice ass
My unassigned seat has been taken... So now I'm forced to take somebody else's unassigned seat. Ugh
Any word on the historical geology lab test?
Every Sorority Girl: 'OMG I finally met my big and she's perfect.'
What question is Managerial accounting submit for credit
I just to shower with hot water. Is that too much to ask? 😭
Any word on our tests in strang's class?
Namaste means 'my soul recognizes yours' not 'I dropped acid at a music festival once and am now filled with eternal wisdom'
Gagging during a blowjob is really a romantic sound; think about it someone is choosing your dick over the oxygen they need to survive. That really warms my heart. 
My one goal in life is to have enough socks so that I don't have to WASH MY FUCKING SOCKS EVERY WEEK 
How are fire drills necessary anymore. I think we all know what to do if there is a fire and if we don't how does a fire drill help?
For b law is it better to study out of the slides or the book?
What happened to Strang? Is he still teaching? 
Feeling cute and confidant enough to sit in front of the cute boy in class today ayyyy
Of course the one time I have all my work done and actually show up for class it's cancelled...I even took notes on the reading!
10 days until break☀️☀️
The fact that people don't think of depression as a serious illness is honestly pathetic 
How am I supposed to pay attention in class if I keep finding myself rooting for the kid in front of me playing Tetris 
SDT's the type of girls who drink 3 beers and complain of hangovers all next day
What happened at the AKPhi house?
Who wants to study for blaw 2 in the library?
Do people actually hate AKPsi that much?
The girl at the cd rack in Milne wearing spandex. I would worship that ass😍
Will trade rocks for grades- Walsh
MY LITTLE IS SO PERFECT!!!
Found out I have sdt and RLK for parties this weekend... Sweet I might as well staple my nutsack to my desk 
What happened with Strang
Clio is just clio..... Too easy to diss
Rlk is a bunch of men
If everyone within a 10 foot radius can hear the music blasting in your headphones you're the worst kind of person
Sdt doesnt show up to anything 
Ago are a bunch of stuck up druggies
how do people feel about kappa sigma?
Dare: I dare you to start a random conversation with someone walking next to you someone sitting next to you or even someone pooping next to you. 
Do people actually like ago? GDIs and frats weigh in
Rabble rabble rabble I hate everything rabble rabble rabble greek life rabble rabble rabble wah wah wah rabble rabble rabble sorority bitches rabble rabble rabble spring time rabble rabble fire alarm.
What do girls think of getting their buttholes eaten ? Obviously after its cleaned
My girlfriend beats me. I don't know what to do.
For Quinn's b law 1 midterm is it better to study off slides or the book?
I love when GDI's hide behind yik yak to talk shit on organizations. Cmon kids grow some nuts and if you're that against a group say it to them.
What do people think of AKPsi? GDIs and frats weigh in.
I beat my girlfriend.  To the door so I can hold it open for her.
If Apple made a car would it have Windows? 😮
Do we have to know chapters 13 and 14 for the b law 1 test?
If you have to ask YikYak for help in one of your classes then you're already fucked 
Hey organizations I am not a part of: how dare you do something that potentially fulfills you the same way my extracurriculars fulfill me! 
Hey kids stop bitching about blaw. Blaw is a joke class. Go and take your test and shut up about it 
Tfw your test wasn't too hard but you wanted that sick curve
'That cocaine was medicinal so check and mate.'
Being a Transfer on this Yak feed is pointless because it's just a bunch of idiots arguing about frats and sororities
You know you're getting old when you have to sit down to put your socks on. 
To the girl who demanded a quiz on the material covered in the class after an exam (because everyone skipped it) you're a cunt. Go fuck yourself 
Lol when freshman bitch about easy classes on yik yak 
People are like why isn't there an actual chill pill. There is it's called Prozac
This yak feed is so annoying right now...
Are we allowed to use half a sheet of printer paper as our cheat sheet for b law 1?
Grow up guy is right.  Yik yak should only be used for important things like discussing race and gender equality.  That won't turn out poorly at all.
I used to be so proactive with my school work but now I can barely get through it even when it's due tomorrow. My classes are so unmotivating and I'm unable to motivate myself
Skipped my first class at 9:30 because I was up until 3. Screw those fire drils
There's not enough white privilege at this school 
I'm sick as fuck.
Can't escape coughs
More than most times i feel like throwing myself of a cliff. 
Why can't we all just watch spongebob together and be transgenders? Then I bet geneseo will love one another 
Can someone put the password for geology with talor if there's a quiz 
Can we actually start a white pride group on campus? Every other group of people gets one but us. It's racist 
Petition to move all the noisy sleepers to one building on campus 
Robot Nixon's back
I've been writing this paper for 3 hours and have one word so far...
Spring break is slowly turning into an entire week to catch up. 
Whoever has been in the one stall of the mens bathroom in the basement of milne for the past 45 minutes... Hurry the fuck up i gotta shit
AKPhi
AKPhi
AKPhi
CAN IT STOP SNOWING PLEASE AND THANK YOU
Anyone know where the tissues are in the library?
Snape Snape Severus Snape
Love seeing when kids bitch about things on YikYak then when someone comments 'go tell them' it gets downvoted. You kids are such pussies if you have an issue grow some nuts and confront it. 
When people tell you to grow up then they go and quote spongebob
This video is definetly bringing a tear to Talor's eye
Weather today>>>>
How is sdt boring
I consider myself kinda liberal but lemme tell ya there is nothin in this world funnier than messing with the ultra-whiny white guilt super-left liberals. They're just such easy targets. 
I am that guy that sits in a different seat in class halfway through the semester. And the sole reason is force people out of their comfort zone. You're in college you can find a new seat 
Here's one to rustle some liberal jimmies; If all Blacks left america suddenly the prison population would drop by 37% AIDS & HIV would drop by 67% and chlamydia cases would be cut in half. 
Free Strang
A lot of minorities stay the same and whites evolve to make the change happen. Personal growth
Democrats against ultra whiny white guilt left wing liberals club first meeting tonight 7:30pm fireside lounge 
My bf dumped me last night after telling me he was fucking 3 different girls and is that a good enough reason to be excuse to not take this test
White people have developed and changed so much more than any other race. They've adapted and have seen what they have done wrong. They chose to give power to other minorities out of compassion
How are Ruddy's exams? Do they require super in depth or just pretty general knowledge? Don't downvote need to know because senioritis is kickin' in full force. 
PSA: free pancakes at Ihop today. 
Does anyone know if Samudio changes her tests? 
I blame all white people for slavery. They invited it and only enslaved us black people. Enough is enough we need reparations 
*eats salad* *eats junk food immediately after* 'well at least I had a salad.' 
Everyone talks a lot of shit on yik yak it's amazing how everyone suddenly grows a pair of balls when they post anonymously.....
Hey black people it's March now baby. Your month is over!! 
Red alert girl scout cookie being sold in the union
I feel like I need a girlfriend all the time but at the same time I don't want one
I'll never understand why people put stickers on their laptop in such a way that the stickers are upside down when their laptop is open. 
Imagine this school's reaction to President Underwood's 'no more entitlements' speech... 
The bathrooms in Welles are warmer than any classroom I've had class in this semester. 
Error 404 file not found.
'Yaassss'is a serious epidemic and needs to be stopped 
Is anyone on here a geology major? I'm considering becoming one. 
We've been speckledorfed
When you hear all the sirens and see all the EMS. You know it's time.
CHEER IS SELLING CHOCOLATE FOR A DOLLAR IN THE UNION GO GET IT!!!  
hot damn
Some people on Yik Yak so mean for no reason... Being a bully on an anonymous app is fucking petty. 
Cav is a creep towards girls 
Someone tell us what specifically got Strang suspended. 
MIDTERMS WEEK!!😍 MY FAVORITE WEEK OF THE SEMESTER!!!
When you (a girl) get a 100 on an assignment that you fully copied from your friend (a guy) who got a 73 
I always try to convince myself that it's okay to eat the fried greenbeans from chow hound....I mean they are greenbeans how bad can they be...
Okay from now on.... No loud breathing in the quiet section
Pizza Hut's service today is fucking terrible.
Fuck the Genesee Sun
Sorry professor the first backpack has already been zipped there's no stopping us now. 
#StrangCantBreath
oh thank god I was afraid I might actually see the sun for a second there 
TIL that the IB was an abbreviation for In Between
How does the writing lab work? Do I make an appointment?  Are there people who help with papers from specific professors? 
Somebody please tell me what happened to strang. He's my advisor and idk what to do
'Spring' break is looking more and more like 'coldest depths of winter' break
Am I a follower if I down vote something that already has -3 votes?
Such a lady boner for this guest professor in geology rn 😍😍
Strang's Sub: 'Well I could always become a townie...I'd just have to knock out a couple of teeth to fit in'
Greek interactions are so toxic at this school... The polar opposite of what it means to be in a sisterhood/brotherhood. 
I heard Cavallini banged a girl in a port-a-potty 
Damn yik yaks aggression levels is 3 floors too high. Boys gotta chill.
What is haopening right now in warners class for gsci?
No motivation to even make myself food. 
Yo this school sucks I deserve better 
Geneseo: where it snows from both the sky and the ground. 
#freeStrang
Even if I get one letter wrong I always delete my entire password and start the whole thing over again.
Looking out the window right now is actually making me really sad 
Me currently: 'I'm ugly and I'm proud I'm ugly and I'm proud!'
Hey stop ur homework for a sec and pat urself on the back you are trying so hard and learning so much go u 😉
Does anyone know what Kincaid is talking about?
Strang did always say 'choices and consequences' 
Why is Strang suspended?
They say that only 5-10% of Muslims are considered extremist. In perspective only about 10% of Germany was part of the Nazi Party in 1940. 
Cats are much more similar to their wild ancestors than dogs are. Pet cats and pet wildcats will act fairly similarly but pet dogs and pet wolves will act very differently
*Drops a sock while moving laundry to dryer* 'Well fuck! Gotta redo all my laundry now.'
Claddagh ring found in Milne top floor girls bathroom. I brought it to the book checkout counter. Hope it's returned! 
Anyone else get nervous shits before an exam?
Hungover on a Tuesday 
He made a comment in which he referenced using a gun on a girl to settle an argument about the clickers they use in the micro class. That is what happened. Someone went to the dean and was suspended. 
Anyone find an iPod?
Accounting 103 submit for credit assignment.. Who knows it?
Strang got suspended for getting into a fight with a townie
SDT shows up to not showing up
Up vote if you're going to PCB for spring break or that you wish you were going 
Still waiting for that bj
I want to go home 
The weather isn't helping me with my depressed mood :/
Fuck this. Ash Ketchum never had yik yak to distract him from being productive.
Spring break is 10 DAYS AWAY!! I can see the light 💡💡!!!!
Had cheeseburgers for every meal yesterday
I don't learn a thing in Baker's physics class 
Who threw Strang under the bus? I wanna know who the bitch is 
Strang never said anything relating the gun to the bookstore staff. He was talking about a gun to tell us about a supply model example in world War 2
'Be all you can be. And less.'-Dom Mazzetti 
The snozberries taste like snozberries 
Why did I not go to school in Florida 
What do you call an uncircumcised rodent? A hood rat. 
I have no idea why people make a big deal about massacre killings less than 250 americans die in them a year while 13200 americans die from falling over a year. Focus on stopping falls
Salad isn't healthy if you put tons of ranch on it
White power
Idk why some people send me a snapchat and put the same snapchat as their story..
Why do I always attract the weird ones? 
Baking soda I got baking soda!
Not even my professor
Beginning of freshman year: Its a Winter Wonderland!  End of Senior Year: This place is just a winter wasteland...
Free Weezy (Strang)
So what did we leave off in at gsci with warner?
Strang got suspended for porking your mom and never sending her a text back 
Baker can't teach 
Letch music on point
If you snitchin' I go loco!
That dazed and confused state when you wake up from a nap and don't remember what year it is
Strang has been gone for a month...stop
Wait but the replacement for strang is actually better...
Pros and cons of the townhouses?
What happened with Strang?
do not tell me it's free pancake day when we're 35 minutes from the nearest ihop
why is Strang suddenly such a hot topic? he's been gone for almost a month
Of course it was right to report Strang because out of shape old people with great careers and no mental problems are known for going bananas and carrying out school shootings
No please continue to move at a glacial pace you know how that thrills me. #LEARNTOWALK
All the students crutching around campus
I just want to go home wrap myself in a blanket and pet my dog. Is that too much to ask? 
Was proud of myself that I've been eating healthier by having yogurt and granola for lunch a few times a week. Just checked and it has 38g of sugar...
Could someone tell me why all these mentally disabled people are in the union it's really strange and bothersome
StopTheStrangSnitch
#ISupportStrang
I just want sun and 60° weather 
RLK and SDT are the worst organizations to party with 
RLK and SDT are the worst organizations to party with 
Who is strang and what happened to him 
Any tips for dr. Ruddys animal behavior exams!?
Y'all ready for the midterm on Thursday?
The person who reported Strang probably also calls the cops when they smell weed or see underage drinking
Went to an SDT party with my frat bros once and it was great just like any other party with only my frat bros there
University drive sidewalk AKA the widow maker 
Girls in SDT really are the hardest to get with at their parties you're competing with everyone in your organization for the 1 or 2 girls there
RLK is the best sorority if you're a dude you can put zero effort into getting laid at their parties just drink some of the suspicious men-only punch
I love being the realist so can everyone stop uniting as if we have made it to such an elite school. It's good but it's no Cornell Stanford Brown or Berkeley. It's bumble fuck. Get over yourself
Looked up strang to see who he was. I expect him to be young and hot. I was completely wrong. 
Just sledded down from milne on my feet that was dope
At one point in all of our lives our parents put us down and never picked us up again. 
What happened to strang
Imagine if Strang was our replacement for Tony..
Raise your hand if you have ever been personally victimized by Upstate NY winters 
Slept with an RLK became the first pregnant man gave birth 9 months later 130 people died in the supernatural chaos that followed
I here now declare that the 3rd day of March of the year of 2015 Strang Day. 
Having a paper due is an instant cure for depression every possible activity besides doing the paper suddenly becomes 1000x more enjoyable
Haven't seen my bf in 4 days that's a record.. 
Fuck this shit. Ash Ketchum never had to listen to people bitch about Greek life...
What do African children do for fun? Cholera-ing books
I'll never understand people who pull out a new roll of toilet paper but don't put it on the holder. 
Ask Ketchum would be a DK
Lol born in Alaska and this is pretty mild weather to me. What's the problem?
Who wants to help me procrastinate by having sex?
Geneseo hills got me looking like Frozone sliding to and from class
That moment when your lip slightly touches the spout of a water fountain and you think your life is over
How my toe sees my dresser: 9/10 would bang
Thinking of joining DK just so the little brunette and her blonde friend will insta-bang me 
Should I see a doctor? I fucked an RLK and every night since I have dreamt of tentacles and the people on my dorm floor have been feeling an increasingly powerful and mysterious sense of doom
'Slurpees' is far too close to the word herpes for me to enjoy them.
 Strang come back
How do I apply/arrange for my living arrangements for next semester
Never do anal with an RLK I tried it once and I am still a prisoner in my own body praying for death
Is there a michael in sig nu
How many of you have not missed a class yet? Good for you guys keep it up.
RLKs are way hotter than they look most of them can shapeshift into any form
Currently jerking it in one of the Milne bathroom. First one to walk in on me wins a prize!!! 
My god I'm not interested in joining PiKap. Send another fucking email maybe it'll change my mind
When the person who was in the stall before you was wearing perfume and it doesn't smell like shit >>>
#BlackIceMatters
PSA: EVERYBODY BE SUPER CAREFUL ON THE WALKWAYS RIGHT NOW. RAIN PLUS THIS SHITTY SLUSH IS LIKE ICE. TAKE IT SLOW
Getting mono just in time for midterms! #blessed 
Slept with an RLK had a dissociative experience that lasted 8 months. I still don't know what my name is. 
Skipped 3/4 classes so far today and I'm telling myself the only way I can justify skipping the last one is if it's to have sex. Help a guy out?
Help me I am a girl with a sex addiction and I have had sex with 53 men in the past 8 days what should I do?
I can't seem to get out of bed lately but I can't sleep either. I feel so lonely and want to give up already
I'm glad you're still a jerk even in my dreams... That way I won't mistake which one is reality. 
Hey just in case your day isn't going well here are some shards of glass falling from the sky 
I swear I was smart in high school.
Everyone nominate strang for one of those achievement awards
Achievement award acceptance speech* 'yes I know guacamole is extra' 
Wait we're in college and you still can't wash your hands after using the bathroom. I hope you get sick from the E. coli you've got on your hands bitch. 
When partying with RLK never sleep with the enormous broad-shouldered shadow. I did and now my whole family is dead by my own stolen hands
What happened with strang?
YEAH I FUCKING KNOW MY STORAGE IS ALMOST FULL THANK YOU 
BLACK ICE NEVER ASKED TO BE HERE
It's like black ice is invisible to the people in this country
God this weather is totally making me lose my boner
Joined RLK started spontaneously bursting into flames whenever I enter a church
This hail hurts like a bitch!!!
Someone please help me pass my Soc 102 midterm with Cykle im so lost 
This is Geneseo where dangerous weather conditions and medical emergencies are no big deal but Strang jokingly threatening to shoot up the bookstore is serious goddamn buisness
NY: where you can freeze your tits off one day and sweat them off the next 😄
LETS ALL YAK IN CAPS FROM NOW ON
GOT ESCORTED FUK DA POPO  WRONG CLICKERS THATS A NONO
Time for some poop dollar 
Whenever I get really stressed  I like to image Guy Pierce evolving into a Charizard during Iron Man 3.
Reasons I dislike March. Outside. Right now. 
I had no idea Strang was suspended because I changed my major. Now I feel bad for emailing him an advisement question a couple days ago.
Getting pelted with freezing rain walking back from class
Is it weird that I wouldn't think twice about killing myself if I found out I needed major surgery or had cancer? Don't want to go through the stress and spend that much money.
Norris casually walking up main smoking a cig 
I wish I were as fat as I was the first time I thought I was fat. 
I work for CAS and one of the chefs told me I couldn't pay her enough to eat the crap they serve us
found my way through almost all of the academic buildings just to avoid sledding down Cardiac
I love getting stabbed by ice 
Left tit is burning on the inside. WebMD says it's cancer. 
Just got an email from cas telling me I don't spend enough and continued to provide me with a list of options to get my balance under control 
Where walking to class is as painful as the class itself. 
Accounting or business admin?
Anyone in bsu when is/was that clothing drive?
What would you do if you were born with both a penis and a vagina?
They took'r Jobs 🐔🐔
Say what you will about SDT but at least they're hot as fuck
Attention: email the Geneseesun and criticize them for the SLANDER they are spreading about Phigs and the death of a Geneseo student last year. It is unethical and wrong. 
I hate when I'm pooping and I can't get that last little bit out. 
LOL this super liberal school is bashing free press. Hey news flash. Offensive is not slanderous. 
Fuck the GeneseeSun 
Walking is scary as fuck rn with this ice 
The GeneseeSun is a poor excuse for unbiased professional journalism. 
LOL this super liberal school is bashing free press. Hey news flash. Offensive is not slanderous. 
What are Cylke's tests like 
If I have to hear Kilma say 'Yeah?' one more time I might go insane
Raise your hand if you've been personally victimized by the geneseesun 
#phigscantbreathe
When you're in the shower curtain stall and someone uses the hand dryer 
Genesee Sun is full of biased douchebags 
Should be studying for my test tomorrow 
Girl in basement Milne on the couches who went to gates chili I used to be on your bus and your really cute!
Maybe SDT would go to your parties if you were a least slightly fun 
Long live local Greek life
Pledging Edition: Survive and Advance (to the next day)
To the two girls who helped me up after I fell on the path behind the library: you are angels. Thank you for taking the time to stop and help me I was super embarrassed and you made me feel better.
10 days until break
Come to the Interfaith center for some dope tacos to benefit a dope charity summer camp
Everyone is so concerned with bashing organizations like it's their job. Don't you guys have midterms to study for? Jesus Christ. Grow the fuck up. 
How many of you would wear a 'FREE STRANG' t-shirt? I'm bout to order and sell them for 3 bucks each
Cute
AOPOOP never forget
Smoking weed is gross
Is anyone going to Steve aoki in Rochester next Wednesday
I hate when girls say they're on tinder just to 'meet new people.' Right and I'm on Brazzers to see if the plumber actually fixes the sink
I live for taking off my bra and underwear everyday 
I hate pledging 
I know this was posted earlier but in an attempt to increase awareness I'll repeat it. Everyone should email the Genesee Sun about their horrible slanderous article about Phigs. It's disgusting. 
$5. 5:00 @ interfaith center. All you can eat beed or chicken tacooos!!
By the way you forgot your BRIEFCASE. 
Attempt to increase awareness: look up the definition of slander before using it. Idiots. 
while that article was highly insensitive you can't deny that some things should be addressed 
This freezing rain seems like the closest we'll ever get to spring 
Trivia at the vital happening today still?
Not sure how I feel about the phigs article. Part of me agrees with post sides of the argument but in the end I think who cares it's phigs 
Thought everyone was overreacting about the genesee sun article but holy crap I just read it and it is needlessly insensitive
Wait what...
DOWN WITH THE PHIGS
Library is way too loud rn
I like my snow like I like my parmesan cheese: sprinkled thickly enough so that you can't see what's supposed to be under it
Phigs is A ok in my book
We truly are Ice Knights on days like this 
Need a booty call
So how bout them midterms and this awful weather we're having. 
Stop talking about phigs God damn I don't even care about his shit 
Phigs 
Phigs will have no issue 
Isn't it nice to live in a place where your biggest daily struggle is getting people to use your preferred pronouns?
Phigs are good 
Is the bus running on time today? Or early/late bc of the weather?
Cocaine is one helluva drug 
I don't think phigs will be taken off campus 
It's been over 3 months since my dog died and I think about him everyday still. I haven't felt the same since.
Phigs will be fine 
The school is to pussy to do anything phigs don't sweat it 
Careful next we will hear about the safest frat on campus..... DK 
Ice chunks falling from the sky #25mostdangerous
Tbh you should know better than to drink too much at a date party... Not their fault
I could go for a nice bowl of boner soup right now 
How is Dr. Raynor with getting scantron only exams back to his students? Class after?
more like 50 shades of dark circles under my eyes 
I would crawl up cardiac hill in this weather just to hear you say my name.
Real eyes Realize Real Lies
Any guys like getting their toes sucked?
And everybody gets soo pissed about the DKs
My yak about 90% of the boys in crows being hot was just voted off in literally 20 seconds lol
Binghamton and Buffalo have geo-tags for different parts of their campuses yet we don't even have a Geneseo one...
Average penis size is 5.1 inches.  Now you know.
Hell has frozen over
I didn't read a single line of any of the books that my midterm was on but I still got an 83 so I guess I'm a pretty smart cookie
Kinkier than a garden hose 
I wish Icky Vicky could sell me some Sticky Icky 
I don't get people that respond 'guy or girl?' to hookup related yaks like where do you expect to get with that information 
I always feel so violated when the toilet automatically flushes on me mid-deposit. 
Ive taken way to many study breaks today
The knight in front of the union is bulking up. Gonna be so swole tomorrow.
Guys on Instagram/Fb give their girls pics like 'I'm so lucky to have her!' 'So in love with this beautiful girl!' And I'm just sitting here like 'my dude didn't even give me the relationship status'
More drained than my sink 
A tunnel from wads to milne would be fantastic 
Letch just spontaneously erupted into song. #HappyBirthday
Shout out to flowy shirts for covering up the cas food damage
The genesee sun is the most unread newspaper in America until they insult atleast 100 ppl. A bunch of nobodies
There should be a bus that goes from Milne to south side
Having the munchies all the time has got to end at some point
White people are inferior beings
It's amazing how many people you can be surrounded by and still feel so alone. 
The Bills just traded Kiko Alonso to the Eagles for LeSean McCoy and I had smoked a bowl 30 seconds earlier. I think I'm having a heart attack... #BillsMafia
Second semester senior year is just one long existential crisis
That moment when your lady's roommate comes earlier than expected and walks in on you butt baked. 😅😳
Safest shoes to wear on these icy paths? TIMBS
You could literally ice skate on these side walks
Mary Toro needs to stop writing Crushes about herself 
Every Tuesday and Thursday night bailey 103 smells like someone had sex in there. I'm about to pass out
My professor is so damn attractive. 
why Tinder why??
I could care less if I fail my test tomorrow because the Bills just got mother fucking Shady McCoy!!! 
I'm in love with my TA
What happened with Strang?
Really need an invisibility cloak so I can avoid seeing people I don't like when I'm walking around campus. 
Really want to play 4 Player Goldeneye on N64...
Going through the stolen book detectors in the library with headphones and hearing that buzzing
Oh sure if Miley Cyrus licks a sledgehammer it's 'art' and 'music' but if I do it I'm 'drunk' and 'need to leave Home Depot' 
When you want to poop but people just won't leave the damn bathroom 
Straight guy looking to experiment. Anyone? 
The first case of HIV might have been as early as 1835
Can't remember a day I didn't have diarrhea #mealplan
My ass hurts from all that gas thanks to CAS. 
Can anyone go to swim????
Byebitch
Something I love about Geneseo is if you say something disrespectful about spongebob your yak gets deleted in a matter of minutes. Now that is a beautiful thing 
Delta Kappa Tau est. 1871 and we've got hundreds of dead cats behind our bar to prove it
Time again to get my avoguaco on
There can be hundreds of cat skeletons in DK's backyard and it's 'buisness as usual' but when it happens in my backyard I am a 'budding serial killer'
Fuck Haude hard 
I wanna fuck that Haude kid 
I have more respect for people who go straight to work or vocational school after graduation than I do for people who fuck off in college and earn a useless degree with a shitty GPA
 I want fast food but I don't have a car 😔
If I ever go to rehab it will be for my Nutella addiction.
Why was the Genesee Sun article so controversial? Sure it was biased but rightfully so. A kid died there last year and a girl was just hospitalized. 
Black people love magic 
when life gives you lemons pray they're lulu
50 shades of poop from CAS
It feels like I've been eating all day but I'm starving.
How do you get to become a dj at house parties?
Got blackballed from every frat i rushed..........became a founding father of pi kapp
Does anyone play mh4u?
The median GPA of graduating seniors in Biology at Geneseo is a 3.3
If you rearrange the letters of ΔKT you get KΔT which looks like kat which is ironic because they kill cats
That awkward moment when you finish watching a TV series and you don't know what to do with your life anymore
The hook to Legend is so sick then Drake starts rapping ._.
I don't think I have ever met someone more lazy and able to disregard the feelings of others than my new housemate
Can people stop bitching about who is what difficult major and who has a 3.0 or not like just worry about yourself 
So was strang laid off or just on suspension?
Lolol at everyone who thinks they actually know anything about phigs. They are great people hahaha dangerous ive been in more danger of death from work in milne. Grow up.
Fuck this shit. Ash Ketchum doesn't have to share a bathroom with suitemates.
When I put on my headphones it means to stop talking not start
Haven't been this depressed in a really long time. I'm about to have a mental breakdown. 
What if Strang really just broke his leg and is too old to crutch around campus and it is too icy for a wheel chair
That awkward moment when you realize dora has more freedom than you
People that email the entire class need to do less 
Got ready to go to the gym then realized my phone is at 18%... I got back in bed.
I need a phone with 500% battery life
I'm a guy and I sit when I pee
When you get a notification saying that your yak got voted off and you're thinking How can it be that bad?
Does anyone else feel like their dreams are similar to gopro commercials 
Was walking to the class I hate the most. So it was a 'pleasant' surprise to me that when I put my earbuds in to play some hyping music they were both dead...
Your undergrad major barely matters if you're gonna go on to get your masters
What happened with strang?
Side walk hockey anyone? 
Sitting in bed watching Netflix and eating Girl Scout cookies. 👌
I love Mary Toro 
Strang is a 70 year old economics professor. He said he has a licensed pistol in class referring to him being upset about the bookstore. He's been suspended no one knows when he's coming back.
Thinking about my student loans scares the shit out of me
Yik yak paddy wak
I love Phigs fuck the haters 
Lol the article on phigs is so poorly written 
I said what what in the butt
Does anyone else turn the brightness on their phone all the way down before opening Yik Yak in public?
How come people always shit on new organizations? First it was AST then Kappa Sig.. Now Pi Kappa Phi? Seriously? Stop being assholes.
mary toro is alright.
Footnotes are the devil 
Erie please I'm trying to do my laundry but thanks for invading my quad and using just the dryer twice in a row while I'm trying to move my clothes from the washing machine
To or to not go to trivia...that is the question
I doubt vodka is the answer but it's worth a shot
I think I get more pissed at trivia crack than school work at times 
I don't know why I brought so many clothes to school when I where the same things over and over again. 
How about we just shit on no organizations because there are lot more important things going on in the world than DK being trashy (true) or SDT not showing for parties (idrc)
Shout out to the guy at the gym with the white shirt and dark blue sweatpants. You're perfect! <3
Any lady takers on a random hookup?
UPD asks frat guy to search the premise and he responds 'Who do you know here *coughs* that needs help with some community service?' Greeks give back
That article publicly shamed Phigs for calling 911. If organizations feel they will also receive this type of punishment they'll be more hesitant to call therfore alc related deaths would increase. 
Any girls wanna hook up with me to make the other guy jealous 
Waiting on that season four netflix...get it together netflix. 
Want to fuck a girl good right now.
Really excited to ice skate to class tomorrow. 
Anyone else notice that the Geneseo Sun article subtly through in bringing back the IB 
Is there anything worse than finding your ex on tinder? 
People in Kim's psych 100 how was the exam last week?
Sooo waitin on that season for netflix...get your shit together netflix. 
Anyone else have no motivation left at all?
Already gone through a box of thin mints.. Fuck those are delicious 
Night before my midterm and I still don't know what my textbook looks like. Senior year man...
IDFWU
GENESEO NEEDS FULL MEDICAL AMNESTY 
I see what you're doing 2rd floor Liv guys trying to make the third stall a pee stall. But that's my poop stall. Nothing is gonna change that. 
I think the biggest joke is the serving size on Girl Scout cookies... 2 cookies... Yeah freaking right 
Fun fact dudes a girl not wanting your dick doesn't give you a right to be one 
10 days guys lets do this
This weather didn't cross the line until the wind blew my sandwich off my plate and onto the ground.
I wanna bang my girl neighbor in the meadows she went to my hometown 
Katie McGraw needs to stop writing Geneseo crushes about herself 
Every time I get drunk I always end up getting carried away by the end of the night. My friends say it's a good thing I'm light 
Let's just take Geneseo...AND PUSH IT SOMEWHERE ELSE. 
There is currently a heatwave passing through Geneseo 
Although white slaveowners usually ignored the children they had with their slaves on occasion they left money and land and slaves to them. Some slave children ended up with large numbers of slaves
The problem with having an obnoxious personality is that as soon as I am happy with people and am comfortable to be myself around them they get annoyed with me and don't like me as much.
I wish dating was more of a thing here. I would be more than happy to take a guy out for a wegmans sub and I'll pay extra for the 12 inch and extra meat if he wants 
So girl scout cookies? Where? I hear they're in the union
Jerking it in the 3N men's room knock 3 times for a BJ
Any ladies need a hook up before bed
I love Eggos 
Apologies to the future owner of this textbook I hope you can still read the tear stained words
'Underage kids could go to the ib and dance. They weren't served booze...' LOL THE IB SHUT DOWN BC OF ALL THE UNDERAGE FINES. And it didn't survive after that because they couldn't get alcohol! 
Monday: 40 Tuesday: 44 Wednesday: 40 
Both the girls I fucked in high school have a kid now. 
The 1 reason why I won't hate on APO is that they provide the girls scout cookies every year. 
Leggo my Ago
but I've always associated thin mints with condoms. 
I enslaved my roommate and it is a mutually beneficial relationship. I made him lose weight and I provide him tons of breeding oppurtunities with my other slaves
Use promo code 'NETFLIX' to get 50% off your grades
Is my RA allowed to have sex with me?? I'm determined to get with her
Forever torn between wanting to know and not wanting to get hurt anymore 
Are double D tits too big? 
AUSCHTIN POWERSH FASHA!
I would do many things for free Girl Scout cookies right now 
APO has some beautiful girls though 
I'm worried I'm losing the person that means the world to me
Having too large a penis is like having jewelry that is way too large and ornate it's still kind of awesome despite being counterproductive large
I'm worried my Penis is too big 
If you switch the letters of SDT around you get STD which is ironic because they are like the cleanest sorority where most of the members are hot
Lamron > Genesee Sun
Open at APO this Friday
Stop yakking questions that can be googled 
you're the reason for the teardrops on my scantron 
That awkward moment when Yik Yak shits on the one organization that actually is helping people
Here's to Alpha Phi Omega loyal brothers we. True to self and to each other firm in loyalty! ❤️❤️❤️
Do you ever look at someone and go 'You sir are a real asshat.' Because I do. 
Adam Ford can get it
Adam Ford Doe •.●
I'm only in APO for my resume. So far it's gotten me very important connections at the local mcdonalds. 
#FreeStrang
The only reason APO is on yak is because they have a seminar until around 11. Don't worry it's their bedtime soon. 
the struggle between having to pee & not wanting to get out of your warm bed 
Has anyone actually talked to someone from APO? 
The sugar addiction is real.
I think stuttering is sexy
Some believe in Jesus some Allah or Moses. Me? I believe in Adam Ford. 
I hate geneseo 
How was the lab exam for gsci like? 
I had my first orgasm while thinking of Adam Ford 
Adam ford doe. 
Adam Ford looked at me yesterday. Hilight of my life. #adamford2016
#AdamFord2016
His name is Adam Ford.
Okay APO you had your fun time to go away now. Come back to sell cookies in the morning 
Check my phone immediately when my crush texts me but wait like ten minutes to text back
Just looking to drink my worries away 
Straight up would lick a butthole for a box of Girl Scout cookies right now 
Pretty shameful the genesee sun took the death of a fellow student as an opportunity to slander a fraternity 
Adam Ford.
Being back president Ford
33 yaks his far about Adam ford. 
There needs to be more seasons of One Tree Hill 
A true American's vehicle
Adam 'Adam Ford' Ford
There's a legend that says Adam Ford's gaze is the reason the sun rises every day
Ford Adam
We seem to be pretty evenly split on the Adam Ford issue. I think a presidential mandate is required. President Ford will you take the stand?
Just kidding just Adam
STFU ABOUT ADAM FORD 
Just a heads up: harassing or embarrassing a pledge including on social media violates our risk management policy. Stop calling an individual out in any light. Thank you. 
literal heat wave outside. I was sweating walking to my dorm.
Fdam Aord
I heard Adam Ford just made the front page of the Genesee Sun
FUCK JOSH WILLIAMS AND THE GENESEE SUN 
Adam Ford is the only thing capable of melting all this snow 
Adam Ford kissed a baby once. You know that baby as Hercules
I learn the name of a well established sorority/frat everyday. I just nod and pretend like I know them whenever one gets brought up in conversation 😳 
Allergies may be more common nowadays for the same reason that people are on average smarter nowadays. Parasitic worm infections slow both the immune system and brain and were eradicated recently
Blaw 2 test was impossible
Get on your knees and worship your God. #ford2k16
There's a reason APO only has like 4 seniors this semester: the rest of them disaffiliated to avoid all the childish underclassmen they had to give bids to
The fear of Spiders is arachnophobia. The fear of heights is acrophobia. The fear of Adam Ford is called logic.
You can downvote the yaks but you can never downvote Adam Ford
I always secretly wish hat the hot water water will run out on my roommate so she will stop singing 
Did any one else find Beckers homework this week unusually hard?
Even the most attractive nicest happiest people you might find have tried to kill themselves :( 
You can lick the moldy taint of a dead orphan good day sir.
Matching with your TA on tinder well this is about to be an awkward semester
I woke up this morning feeling like Adam Ford. I died from the feeling.
Somebody once told me that the world was gonna roll me; that I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed. His name was Adam Ford
#ford2k16
According to Adam Ford  the only acceptable mode of transportation is a white stallion.
Spring break im ready for you 
People need to stop blaming organizations and take some personal responsibility. Yeah the girl got the alcohol at phigs but no one forced her to drink it. 
It's actually kinda nice having my roommate gone all the time so I can fart as I please and waft it around
Adam Ford is the hero Geneseo deserves. Just not the once it needs right now.
Yeet!!
Feeling uninspired 
Need a cuddle buddy
Can you get a clue please?
Question me 
Yea though I may enter the valley of darkness I shall fear no evil. For Adam Ford is by my side
Do-re-mi-fa-sol-a-dam-ford
Good night Yik Yak 😴
I only sleep nekkid. 
Are they doing fire drills again or was someone in Ontario dumb?
My pilot light is my uvula. How bout yours 
Saddam
If only I could live a day in the life of Friends tv show
Dr. Kincaid I officially despise you for not giving out the test key
Bitches of Ontario learn how. To bake before  U make everyone go outside 
Falling hard for someone who doesn't want anything more 😩 oh the beginning of the agony 
BLaw 1 test was the hardest exam ever I hope the curve is good
I'm just a garbage man living in a garbage can
I farted on the bus and 4 people turned around I felt like I was on the Voice
My roommate endlessly annoys me these days
The Krusty Krab pizza is the pizza for you and me the krusty krayayab-ayab pizza is the pizza yea-ahh for you and meeheheeeheheee
Idea: create a scholarship for average white students who do poorly in school because we have a lot of promise and a lot of love to give 
Has anyone gone to lauderdale for general anxiety/ stress overload/where is my life going? Did it help?
I rarely feel beautiful unless I'm naked or in a dress
Sending my mom pictures of my throat and my symptoms hoping she can diagnose me so I don't have to go to Lauderdale
unable to sleep because Bigfoot lives above me
I don't get people yakking about people they want to hook up with. Isn't that what Geneseo crushes is for?
Some days I love myself and everything about me and other days I think why would I even think those things and feel miserable 
Drunk on a Tuesday 👌
unable to sleep because Bigfoot lives above me
Quick reminder that you are enough. Who you are is enough. 
Shout out to everyone else in a failing long term relationship 
I'm confused. First it snowed today then it hailed rained and now it's all melting. What is going on outside??
The village has hated the college for a while and is just looking for an excuse to whine. The Geneseo community should stand w/ Phigs and realize that one freshman binge drinking is not their fault. 
The way my roommate eats is so disgusting I had to leave to room. I can't even be near him. 
I get told often that I'm really pretty funny intelligent and sweet. If it's true then why have I never had a boyfriend? It seems like everyone else can find someone so easily
9 days until spring break!
When you're not sure if your roommate is asleep or not so you have to work extra hard to make sure your farts are silent 😭
How long after a relationship starts until it's considered long term?
Bitch how you not the hobbit again?
sometimes all I need is a good spanking. why are all the boys here so goddamn vanilla?
That guitar playing and singing in Genesee Hall or the next dorm...You guys sound amazing.
Who wants to help me with my analyt physics II homework?
Don't judge someone concretely until you meet them.
Christopher & Lorelai > Luke & Lorelai
I think it's safe to say I don't want the same things normal people do because I'm mostly afraid of what 'normal people' think of what I want.
Money can't buy happiness but I'd rather cry in a Mercedes than on a bicycle
I met your military once... nice guy. 
Operation 'Marry a rich man' is looking better and better every day 
#geneseocantbreathe...no really I have a cold and can't breathe
Alcohol doesn't solve your problems. But then again neither does milk
Yes pls deliver the pizza right into my mouth 
Where can I get some Girl Scout cookies
Sometimes I want to be positive and upbeat but I just love my skewed perception of the world too much 
I don't sleep anymore I just die for a few hours at a time now 
Getting mascara in your eyes is definitely a day ruiner
I wish my life problems were as stressful as SpongeBob's.
When you give some weird guy your number and they text you from your own phone so they have your number <<<<<<
I would probably be absolutely down with being feminized. Anyone interested
Gonna get fucked by this Ancient Rome midterm tomorrow
Anyone up and wanna fuck?
Oh baby look at this Boulder. The pioneers used to ride these babies for miles!
ROTC guys blow each other for yak karma 
Y don't i sleep 
KFC BOWLS AT MJ TOMORROW
I have an extremely hairy chest and shave regularly but it's all prickly. Girls what would you prefer?
Fuck The Geneseo Sun PHIGS Will Survive!
Geneseo ROTC: rock hard wieners are our thing! 
White America works 
I don't know a lot about them but one of the nicest people ive met here is in phigs. And otherwise they seem a lot more caring than other groups at this school
Hey Blacks remember when trayvon Martin happened you rioted? When Mike Brown and Eric garner happened you rioted? At what point do you do anything good? 
Like seriously. Who the fuck ever thought clowns were something people kids in particular would think as fun and entertaining
How do I change my major? Anyone care to help a girl out?
Im not even part of greek life but fuck the genesee sun that shit was unprofessional
My friends spring break is next week... needless to say we're not friends anymore 
Has any other Geneseo chivers found and article on the chive called 'ghosts make the best photobombers'? cuz we're in it. Photo 4. Tell me what you see!
Do you guys remember that Bada-Bing video that featured the same four people on various surfaces of what is now the Statesman? 
Damn is anyone else too horny to sleep?
Sleeping naked is awesome but it would be better if you were sleeping naked with me.
Waiting for my roommate to stop snoring . . . Nope not happening
Currently dying of a coughing attack. Sorry roomie 
Whos still up??? I am studying for my gsci lab exam sadly
Am i the only one awake?
Why. Can't. I. Fall. Asleep. I. Have. A. Test. In. Three. Hours. 
*takes adderall* 'wow this is great so productive... What could possibly go wrong?!' *still awake at 7 AM*
next time you don't have class until 11 I'll make sure you're up with me at 7:00 just to repay you for your kind generosity 
When your crush texts you back immediately
It's icy
Aight so there's a girl ik who's crushing on me and I don't want her in that sense at all but at the same time don't wanna crush her feelings so this is one anxious dude's plea for assistance 
Where you can skate on the sidewalks at night and watch flowers bloom during the day 
If you live off campus I recommend just not trying to walk anywhere today 
Wearing my ice skates to class
830 never felt so early 
I want to ride the pendulum in the ISC like Miley would a wrecking ball. 
I am erupting like a volcano after eating breakfast and lunch at books n bytes yesterday
I never thought I'd see the day where 35 degrees in March would give me hope 
Is it too cold to wear a vest? Help a sister out
Katie McGraw needs to stop writing Geneseo crushes about herself 
Shorts are acceptable today...right?
Up town funk you up
Fish are friends not food
Up town funk you up ⬇️
The girl in the red coat walking through the town houses who kept slipping you were cute doing so 
I just wanna make out hidden in the bookshelves in upstairs Milne 
Do we have a pop quiz for mitschow?
30 is the new 60
The only thing getting me through this semester is knowing I don't have to live with my roommates next year 🙌
Bikini weather 👙!!
The weather is PMSing. Can't make up its mind.
I hate it when I try to be serious but then accidentally smile
Lazy rule: can't reach it don't need it...unless if it's my phone 
Plot twist: shorts guy wears pants when it's warm. 
About to become the Geneseo student falling for nine seconds.
DOUG KILLS RACHEL AND CLAIRE LEAVES FRANK 
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will and then Geneseo kills what's left.
Happy Purim everyone!!! :^D
Any lady need a trophy husband? 
You have a package 
Spring is in the air🌻🌷
Sweated profusely walking up the hill and at first I was like wow this sucks and then I was like wait a minute... Spring
Sometimes you just have to stay up all night and masturbate.  That's life
Girl wearing fleece blanket as jacket
Morning Wood game is strong this morning
I'm tired and menstruating look out world.
Drugs are bad m'kay 
That genesee sun article was nothing more than a liberal circle jerk. 
Can the girls in upstairs Milne be any hotter? Between the 2 stizz bartenders and the other cute blondie. Clio has a bright future 
So tired that I feel drunk. Not sure if I'm happy or upset about this...
When you call shotgun but the cop still puts you in the back seat 
Told my mom that I was stressed and worried for midterms. she sends me pictures from when I was 8 and says 'Look how happy and positive you are. Remember we're proud of you no matter what happens.' 
I love female tushy
Its okay I'm always prepared.  I bring a loaf of bread and nutella everywhere I go.
Accidentally drank some Gatorade and vodka from last night...well I already started so I guess I can't stop 
What happened to strang?😥
10/10 would bang Strang 
Is there a quiz in Mitschow's?
The 'need light?? Turn light on by pressing here' signs in the library. Geneseo took outer light away. 
Geneseo you sneaky fucker. You honey-dicked me
If the drinking age was 18 kids wouldn't be forced into bad situations like the ones that happened at Phigs.
No matter how early I wake up I will ALWAYS be late to lab 
Hungry tired and stressed...the ultimate trifecta 😣
'Think of this exam as a test'.... Wow. Thanks doc.
'The light inside is broken but I still work'-how I feel every morning
I can't find my glasses anywhere and I'd honestly give someone $10 if they found them for me...
Current mood: working through the night to finish an essay only to learn the professor is going to extend the deadline
I had a dream about grass. Not drugs. Literal grass. On the ground. That was green. 
Do you ever look at yourself in the mirror and just wonder 'Ew why does my face look like that?'
HUMN is that weird place where you look around and half the people have rented highlighted copies of bibles and half the people have monogrammed personal copies
Soffer: 'sometimes you need to scramble a few eggs to get scrambled eggs...' blank look....'What is it?' 
Why do I keep hearing sirens this is Geneseo??
Literally everything about this entire school will be 8 billion times better once it's warm out
Why do I have an advisement hold on my account?
What the hell is the point of putting an advisement hold on my account now? Fall classes aren't out yet. What do you want me to talk to my advisor about the weather? 
I wish I could be as late as Mieners is everyday and get away with it 
To Deneisa Wharton:  FUCK YEAH you're my favorite 
I'm a senior.  I literally cannot take classes here next semester.  Why the fuck do I have an advisement hold?
Phigs is getting both honeypotted and honeydicked
Why doesn't coffee wake me up? :(
Whether you like it or not it's the host's responsibility to ensure the party is safe. you're liable for whatever happens.
Denesia: filling those gaps since 19xx via news and etc.
It's your body. If you choose to drink too much that's honestly you're fault. Don't put blame on others. Know your limit and take care of yourself cause that's what life is fucking about
Ppl who take shits in the book and bits bathroom are pioneers 
I'm sorry but if a girl needs to go to the hospital bc you had a date party where a brother is personally assigned to take care of here. There should be consequences 
What is the deadline to withdraw?
*tempterature rises above freezing* *wears shorts and a T-shirt* *goes barbecuing* *gets a tan* *cries at tomorrow's forecast while eating an ice cream cone outside*
I am so sluggish today. Why cant I just curl up and hibernate.
I hope my knees don't fail me now
Whole lot of liberal hippies on campus. 
Everyone chill out denesia is chill as fuck but she's also hood and would woop some ass 
I'm stressing and losing all motivation for everything in life but I have to put myself in denial because if I don't I will down spiral so fast and there will be no getting out of it. 
why do 43 page articles exist 🐋
Cappon's voice cracks more often than a 13 year old's.
You are responsible for yourself. It is no one else's job to take care of you. This is how the world works get used to it. 
Geneseo's very average looking male population will never again experience the luxury of having all these beautiful women to hook up with after college. This place makes us lower our standards.
Josh Williams is a disgusting person
Remember how people had real problems in Geneseo? Like grades? Depression? CAS?    Now we have what? Deadbeat news articles?
Girls all looking to 'marry rich' but in reality most guys want a wife who will earn as much or close to how much he makes
The geneseo sun article was not slander. It was libel...
It's always someone else's fault.
Who is denesia wharton and what does she have to do with this? 
Relationship advice on yik yak always makes me laugh. 
First time in yak in months... So sad to see that it has become the Youtube comments section of social media
This whole article scandal just goes to show that Geneseo needs full medical amnesty. No one should fear becoming a scapegoat for reporting irresponsible behavior to the police. 
To the red head girl in downstairs Milne... 😍
Save Phigs 2015
Just got an F on a paper because the words never printed on pages 4-6 be sure to check yourself before you staple yourself
Is anybody else's water just completely off for no reason? Particularly on Orchard Street? 
Didn't realize people even read the Genesee Sun.....
This isn't an isolated incident that happened at 1 irresponsible host's house. Hospital transports due to drinking happen ON & off campus by the hundreds each year. That's what should be talked about!
To the people against phigs don't act as though you you wouldn't be supporting your friends if this happened to them greek life or not
It's only slander if it's it's spoken. Written defamatory pieces are considered libel.
The real problem is medical amnesty 
Why is it impossible to NOT eat the entire box of Girl Scout cookies?
Walk to the right side u dumb fuck this isnt europe
#savephigs #medicalamnesty #savedatepartyfortherestofus
Water main break on orchard lol fuck my life
When you can talk to everyone except for the guy you think is cute 
It's shorts weather out here 
The only valid point in that article was that we should REOPEN THE IB!!!!!
Best professor for humn1? 
Lol @ me barely paying attention when walking across the street basically hoping a car will fucking hit me. That kind of week.
